old man sailin' in a dinghy boat down there old man down is baitin' a hook on there gonna pull man down on a suckling hook gonna pull man into the suckling brook oh yeah!  now, he's underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! that's underneath that tree there's gonna be just you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  i push him back and i stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line i get on board in two-eyed time oh yeah!  under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! underneath that tree there's just gonna be you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  now, who's on the table. who's to tell me? oh yeah! who's on the table, who's to tell me? oh yeah! who should i tell, oh, who should i tell? the forty-nine of you like bats out of hell oh underneath that old apple suckling treeten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.well, the rainman comes with his magic wand and the judge says, "mona can't have no bond." and the walls collide, mona cries, and the rain man leaves in the wolf man's disguise.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, the undertaker in his midnight suit says to the masked man, "ain't you cute!" well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf and he says, "you ain't so bad yourself."  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, jumpin' judy can't go no higher. she had bullets in her eyes, and they fire. rasputin he's so dignified, he touched the back of her head an' he died.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, phaedra with her looking glass, stretchin' out upon the grass. she gets all messed up and she faints that's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.corrina, corrina, gal, where you been so long? corrina, corrina,  gal, where you been so long? i been worr'in' 'bout you, baby, baby, please come home.  i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. but i ain' a-got corrina, life don't mean a thing.  corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. i'm a-thinkin' 'bout you, baby, i just can't keep from crying.i was young when i left home, and i been out a'ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord, to my home, and i never wrote a letter to my home.  it was just the other day i was drinkin' on my pay when i met an old friend i used to know. he said your mother's dead and gone, your baby sister's all gone wrong, and your daddy needs you home right away.  not a shirt on my back, not a penny on my name. well i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, i can't go home this a'way.  if you miss the train i'm on, count the days i'm gone, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles. a hundred miles, a hundred, baby, lord lord lord, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles.  when i's playin' on the track, maw would come and whip me back, on them tressles down by ol' jim mckay's.  when i pay the debt i owe to the commissary store, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home. oh home, lord lord lord, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home.  i used to tell my maw sometimes, when i see them ridin' blinds, gonna make me a home out in the wind. in the wind, lord, in the wind, make me a home out in the wind.  i don't like it in the wind, i want to go back home again, but i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, and i can't go home this a'way.  i was young when i left home, and i been all a' ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord lord lord, and i never wrote a letter to my home.i once held her in my arms, she said she would always stay. but i was cruel, i treated her like a fool, i threw it all away.  once i had mountains in the palm of my hand, and rivers that ran through ev'ry day. i must have been mad, i never knew what i had, until i threw it all away.  love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round, love and only love, it can't be denied. no matter what you think about it you just won't be able to do without it. take a tip from one who's tried.  so if you find someone that gives you all of her love, take it to your heart, don't let it stray, for one thing that's certain, you will surely be a-hurtin', if you throw it all away.get you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil fill it with new made corn mash and never more you'll toil you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  build you a fire with hickory, hickory, ash and oak don't use no green or rotten wood, they'll get you by the smoke you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  my daddy he made whiskey, my granddaddy he did too we ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792 you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel. you all been down and lonesome, you know just how a poor man feels.  been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, i done pawned my pistol, baby, my best clothes been sold.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i ain't cryin' for no religion, lord, give me back my good gal please.  if you give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, don't have to put her in my house, lordy, just lead her to my door.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? now you hear me tappin', tappin' across your floor.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all. what make me love my woman, she can really do the georgia crawl.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, if you're a real hot momma, come take away daddy's weeping spell.don't ever try to change me  i been in this thing too long there's nothing you can say or do  to make me think i'm wrong well i'm going off to libya  there's guy i gotta see he's been living there three years now  in an oil refinery i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  call your ma in talahassee tell her her baby's on the line tell her not to worry everything is gonna be fine well i gave you all my money all my connections too there ain't nothing in this world girl you can say i didn't give to you i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  you will be alright girl someone's watching over you he won't do nothing to you baby that i wouldn't do well if you don't want to see me look the other way you don't have to feed me i ain't your dog that's gone astray i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up.close your eyes, close your door you don't have to worry any more i'll be your baby tonight.  shut the light, shut the shade you don't have to be afraid i'll be your baby tonight.  well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away we're gonna forget it that big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon but we're gonna let it you won't regret it.  kick your shoes off, do not fear bring that bottle over here i'll be your baby tonight.well, the lone ranger and tonto they are ridin' down the line fixin' ev'rybody's troubles ev'rybody's 'cept mine somebody musta tol' 'em that i was doin' fine  oh you five and ten cent women with nothin' in your heads i got a real gal i'm lovin' and lord i'll love her till i'm dead go away from my door and my window too right now  lord, i ain't goin' down to no race track see no sports car run i don't have no sports car and i don't even care to have one i can walk anytime around the block  well, the wind keeps a-blowin' me up and down the street with my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet watch out so you don't step on me  well, lookit here buddy you want to be like me pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see tell the judge i said it was all right yes!like the lion tears the flesh off of a man so can a woman who passes herself off as a male they sang "danny boy" at his funeral and the lord's prayer preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head he feeds off of everyone that he can touch he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash he's not somebody that you play around with much miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is she'll do wondrous works with your fate feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors how to enter into the gates of paradise no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in sing "amazing grace" all the way to the swiss banks  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  they got some beautiful people out there, man they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue they got mystery written all over their forehead they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young they don't believe in mercy judgment on them is something that you'll never see they can exalt you up or bring you down main route turn you into anything that they want you to be  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  yes, i guess i loved him too i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped struck down by the strength of the will ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid from now on, this'll be where you're from let the dead bury the dead. your time will come let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' backwell, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.i got to see you, baby, i don't care it may be some place, baby, you say you where i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  you got the crazy rhythm when you walk you make me nervous when you start to talk i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  standin' on the highway, you flag me down said, take me, daddy to the nearest town i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join is jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop you made me so bad, you gotta stop i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join in jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you had a white rag wrapped around your head wearing a long dress fire engine red i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.well met, well met, my own true love well met, well met, cried she i've just returned from the salt, salt sea and it's all for the love of thee  i could have married a king's daughter there she would have married me but i have forsaken my king's daughter there it's all for the love of thee  well, if you could have married a king's daughter there i'm sure you're the one to blame for i am married to a house carpenter and i'm sure he's a fine young man  forsake, forsake your house carpenter and come away with me i'll take you where the green grass grows on the shores of sunny italy  so up she picked her babies three and gave them kisses, one, two, three saying "take good care of your daddy while i'm gone and keep him good company."  well, they were sailin' about two weeks i'm sure it was not three when the younger of the girls, she came on deck sayin' she wants company  "well, are you weepin' for your house and home? or are you weepin' for your babies three?" "well, i'm not weepin' for my house carpenter i'm weepin' for my babies three."  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as white as snow those are the hill of heaven, my love you and i'll never know  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as dark as night those are the hills of hell-fire my love where you and i will unite  oh twice around went the gallant ship i'm sure it was not three when the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak and it drifted to the bottom of the seai pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would've stayed home, who uses all his power to do evil but in the end is always left so alone. that man whom with his fingers cheats and who lies with ev'ry breath, who passionately hates his life and likewise, fears his death.  i pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain, whose heaven is like ironsides, whose tears are like rain, who eats but is not satisfied, who hears but does not see, who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me.  i pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud, who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood, whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass. i pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]i'm just average, common too i'm just like him, the same as you i'm everybody's brother and son i ain't different from anyone it ain't no use a-talking to me it's just the same as talking to you.  i was shadow-boxing earlier in the day i figured i was ready for cassius clay i said "fee, fie, fo, fum, cassius clay, here i come 26, 27, 28, 29, i'm gonna make your face look just like mine five, four, three, two, one, cassius clay you'd better run 99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen."  well, i don't know, but i've been told the streets in heaven are lined with gold i ask you how things could get much worse if the russians happen to get up there first. wowee! pretty scary!  now, i'm liberal, but to a degree i want ev'rybody to be free but if you think that i'll let barry goldwater move in next door and marry my daughter you must think i'm crazy! i wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in cuba.  well, i set my monkey on the log and ordered him to do the dog he wagged his tail and shook his head and he went and did the cat instead he's a weird monkey, very funky.  i sat with my high-heeled sneakers on waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist and my wig-hat was falling in my face but they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.  i gotta woman, she's so mean she sticks my boots in the washing machine sticks me with buckshot when i'm nude puts bubblegum in my food she's funny, wants my money, calls me "honey."  now i gotta friend who spends his life stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife dreams of strangling me with a scarf when my name comes up he pretends to barf. i've got a million friends!  now they asked me to read a poem at the sorority sister's home i got knocked down and my head was swimmin' i wound up with the dean of women yippee! i'm a poet, and i know it. hope i don't blow it.  i'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange so i look like a walking mountain range and i'm gonna ride into omaha on a horse out to the country club and the golf course. carry the new york times, shoot a few holes, blow their minds.  now you're probably wondering by now just what this song is all about what's probably got you baffled more is what this thing here is for. it's nothing it's something i learned over in england.well, in my time of dying don't want nobody to mourn all i want for you to do is take my body home well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  well, meet me jesus, meet me, meet me in the middle of the air if these wings should fail me lord, won't you meet me with another pair? well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  lord, in my time of dying don't want nobody to cry all i want you to do is take me when i die well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.handy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candyi forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you know the smile on her lips the thrill an' the touch of her fingertips but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress in each tender kiss but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you stole her love from me one day you didn't care how it hurt me but you can never steal away memories of what used to be you think she's yours to have and to hold someday you'll learn when her love grows cold but i forgot more than you'll ever know about heri dreamed i saw st. augustine alive as you or me tearing through these quarters in the utmost misery with a blanket underneath his arm and a coat of solid gold searching for the very souls whom already have been sold.  "arise, arise", he cried so loud with a voice without restraint "come out ye gifted kings and queens and hear my sad complaint no martyr is among ye now whom you can call your own so go on your way accordingly but know you're not alone".  i dreamed i saw st. augustine alive with fiery breath and i dreamed i was amongst the ones that put him out to death oh, i awoke in anger so alone and terrified i put my fingers against the glass and bowed my head and cried.come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song. sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong. just a little glimpse of a story i'll tell 'bout an east coast city that you all know well.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  old new york city is a friendly old town, from washington heights to harlem on down. there's a-mighty many people all millin' all around, they'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  it's a mighty long ways from the golden gate to rockefeller plaza n' the empire state. mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird, old mister empire never says a word.  it's hard times from the country, livin' down in new york town.  well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work. stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt. if you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry, if you only got a nickel, it's the staten island ferry.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  mister hudson come a-sailin' down the stream and old mister minuet paid for his dream. bought your city on a one-way track, if i had my way i'd sell it right back.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  i'll take all the smog in california 'n every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains, 'n the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines. it's all much cleaner than the new york kind.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  so all you newsy people, spreadin' the news around, you see'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song. you see'n step on my name, you see'n try 'n' get me beat, when i leave new york, i'll be standin' on my feet.  hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin' now, for recreation, we went on a tramp, and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp and a little wee drummer intending to camp, for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  "good morning, good morning," the sergeant he cried. "and the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply, intending no harm but meant to pass by, for it bein' on christmas mornin' "but," says he, "my fine fellows, if you will enlist, ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist, and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust, and drink the king's health in the morning.  "for a soldier, he leads a very fine life, and he always is blessed with a charming young wife, and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife, and he always lives pleasant and charmin', and a soldier, he always is decent and clean, in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen. while other poor fellows go dirty and mean, and sup on thin gruel in the morning."  "but," says arthur, "i wouldn't be proud of your clothes, for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose, but you dare not change them one night, for you know if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning, and although that we're single and free, we take great delight in our own company, we have no desire strange places to see, although that your offers are charming.  "and we have no desire to take your advance, all hazards and dangers we barter on chance, for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france, where we would get shot without warning," "oh no," says the sergeant. "i'll have no such chat, and neither will i take it from snappy young brats, for if you insult me with one other word, i'll cut off your heads in the morning."  and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs, and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades when a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning. and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides, we flung them as far as we could in the tide, "now take them up, devils!" cried arthur mcbride, "and temper their edge in the mornin'!"  and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow, and we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow, threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll, and bade it a tedious returning, and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks. we paid no respect to their two bloody backs, and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.  and so, to conclude and to finish disputes, we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits, for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin'listen to me, baby, there's something you must see. i want to be with you, gal, if you want to be with me.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm questionin' you. to take part in any quiz. it's just that i ain't got no watch an' you keep askin' me what time it is.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  i am just a poor boy, baby, lookin' to connect. but i certainly don't want you thinkin' that i ain't got any respect.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  you know i'd have nightmares and a guilty conscience, too, if i kept you from anything that you really wanted to do.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm wantin' anything you never gave before. it's just that i'll be sleepin' soon, it'll be too dark for you to find the door.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.close your eyes, close your door you don't have to worry any more i'll be your baby tonight.  shut the light, shut the shade you don't have to be afraid i'll be your baby tonight.  well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away we're gonna forget it that big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon but we're gonna let it you won't regret it.  kick your shoes off, do not fear bring that bottle over here i'll be your baby tonight.my name is donald white, you see, i stand before you all. i was judged by you a murderer and the hangman's knot must fall. i will die upon the gallows pole when the moon is shining clear, and these are my final words that you will ever hear.  i left my home in kansas when i was very young, i landed in the old northwest, seattle, washington although i'd a-traveled many miles, i never made a friend, for i could never get along in life with people that i met.  if i had some education to give me a decent start, i might have been a doctor or a master in the arts. but i used my hands for stealing when i was very young, and they locked me down in jailhouse cells, that's how my life begun.  oh, the inmates and the prisoners, i found they were my kind, and it was there inside the bars i found my peace of mind. but the jails they were too crowded, institutions overflowed, so they turned me loose to walk upon life's hurried tangled road.  and there's danger on the ocean where the salt sea waves split high, and there's danger on the battlefield where the shells of bullets fly, and there's danger in this open world where men strive to be free, and for me the greatest danger was in society.  so i asked them to send me back to the institution home. but they said they were too crowded, for me they had no room. i got down on my knees and begged, "oh, please put me away," but they would not listen to my plea or nothing i would say.  and so it was on christmas eve in the year of '59, it was on that night i killed a man, i did not try to hide, the jury found me guilty and i won't disagree, for i knew that it would happen if i wasn't put away.  and i'm glad i've had no parents to care for me or cry, for now they will never know the horrible death i die. and i'm also glad i've had no friends to see me in disgrace, for they'll never see that hangman's hood wrap around my face.  farewell unto the old north woods of which i used to roam, farewell unto the crowded bars of which've been my home, farewell to all you people who think the worst of me, i guess you'll feel much better when i'm on that hanging tree.  but there's just one question before they kill me dead, i'm wondering just how much to you i really said concerning all the boys that come down a road like me, are they enemies or victims of your society?crash on the levee, mama, water's gonna overflow, swamp's gonna rise, no boat's gonna row. now, you can train on down to williams point, you can bust your feet, you can rock this joint. but oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  now, don't you try an' move me, you're just gonna lose. there's a crash on the levee and, mama, you've been refused. well, it's sugar for sugar and salt for salt, if you go down in the flood, it's gonna be your own fault. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  well, that high tide's risin', mama, don't you let me down. pack up your suitcase, mama, don't you make a sound. now, it's king for king, queen for queen, it's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's seen. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? yes, you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.  alberta, what's on your mind, alberta, what's on your mind ? you keep me worried and bothered all of the time alberta, what's on your mind ?  alberta, don't you treat me unkind, alberta, don't you treat me unkind ? oh my heart is sad because i want you so bad alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?  alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low  i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song. sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong. just a little glimpse of a story i'll tell 'bout an east coast city that you all know well.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  old new york city is a friendly old town, from washington heights to harlem on down. there's a-mighty many people all millin' all around, they'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  it's a mighty long ways from the golden gate to rockefeller plaza n' the empire state. mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird, old mister empire never says a word.  it's hard times from the country, livin' down in new york town.  well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work. stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt. if you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry, if you only got a nickel, it's the staten island ferry.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  mister hudson come a-sailin' down the stream and old mister minuet paid for his dream. bought your city on a one-way track, if i had my way i'd sell it right back.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  i'll take all the smog in california 'n every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains, 'n the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines. it's all much cleaner than the new york kind.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  so all you newsy people, spreadin' the news around, you see'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song. you see'n step on my name, you see'n try 'n' get me beat, when i leave new york, i'll be standin' on my feet.  hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.broken lines, broken strings, broken threads, broken springs, broken idols, broken heads, people sleeping in broken beds. ain't no use jiving ain't no use joking everything is broken.  broken bottles, broken plates, broken switches, broken gates, broken dishes, broken parts, streets are filled with broken hearts. broken words never meant to be spoken, everything is broken.  bridge: seem like every time you stop and turn around something else just hit the ground  broken cutters, broken saws, broken buckles, broken laws, broken bodies, broken bones, broken voices on broken phones. take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin', everything is broken.  bridge: every time you leave and go off someplace things fall to pieces in my face  broken hands on broken ploughs, broken treaties, broken vows, broken pipes, broken tools, people bending broken rules. hound dog howling, bull frog croaking, everything is broken.bye and bye,  i’m breathin’ a lover’s sigh i’m sittin’ on my watch so i can be on time i’m singin’ love’s praises with sugar-coated rhyme bye and bye,  on you i’m casting my eye  i’m paintin’ the town  swinging my partner around i know who i can depend on,  i know who to trust i’m watchin’ the roads, i’m studying the dust i’m paintin’ the town  making my last go-round  well, i’m scufflin’ and i’m shufflin’ and i’m  walkin’ on briars i’m not even acquainted with my  own desires  i’m rollin’ slow i’m doing all i know i’m tellin’ myself  i found true happiness that i’ve still got a dream that hasn’t been repossessed i’m rollin’ slow, goin’ where the wild roses grow  well the future  for me is already a thing of the past you were my first love  and you will be my last  papa gone mad, mamma, she’s feeling sad i’m gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more i’m gonna establish my rule through civil war gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can beby bob dylan    well, it's all up from florida at the start of the spring,  the trucks and the trailers will be winding  like a bullet we'll shoot for the carnival route.  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    from the michigan mud past the wisconsin sun  'cross that minnesota border, keep 'em scrambling  through the clear county lakes and the lumberjack lands,  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    hit fargo on the jump and down to aberdeen  'cross them old black hills, keep 'em rolling  through the cow country towns and the sands of old montana.  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the white line on the highway sails under your wheels,  i've gazed from the trailer window laughing.  oh, our clothes they was torn but the colors they was bright.  following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-many a friend that follows the bend,  the jugglers, the hustlers, the gamblers.  well, i've spent my time with the fortune-telling kind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    oh, it's pound down the rails and it's tie down the tents,  get that canvas flag a-flying.  well, let the caterpillars spin, let the ferris wheel wind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    well, it's roll into town straight to the fairgrounds  just behind the posters that are hanging  and it's fill up every space with a different kind of face  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    get the dancing girls in front, get the gambling show behind,  hear that old music box a-banging.  hear them kids, faces, smiles, up and down the midway aisles  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-drag it on down by the deadline in the town,  hit the old highway by the morning  and it's ride yourself blind for the next town on time  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the harmonicas whined in the lonesome nighttime  drinking red wine as we're rolling,  many a turnin' i turn, many a lesson i learn  from following them fairgrounds a-calling.    and it's roll back down to st. petersburg  tie down the trailers and camp 'em  and the money that we made will pay for the space  from following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.they ask me how i feel and if my love is real and how i know i'll make it through and they, they look at me and frown they'd like to drive me from this town they don't want me around 'cause i believe in you.  they show me to the door they say don't come back no more 'cause i don't be like they'd like me to and i, i walk out on my own a thousand miles from home but i don't feel alone 'cause i believe in you.  i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter i believe in you even though we be apart i believe in you even on the morning after oh, when the dawn is nearing oh, when the night is disappearing oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  don't let me drift too far keep me where you are where i will always be renewed and that which you've given me today is worth more than i could pay and no matter what they say i believe in you.  i believe in you when winter turn to summer i believe in you when white turn to black i believe in you even though i be outnumbered oh, though the earth may shake me oh, though my friends forsake me oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  don't let me change my heart keep me set apart from all the plans they do pursue and i, i don't mind the pain don't mind the driving rain i know i will sustain 'cause i believe in you.i am a lonesome hobo without family or friends, where another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends. i have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail and deceit, and i've served time for ev'rything 'cept beggin' on the street.  well, once i was rather prosperous, there was nothing i did lack. i had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back. but i did not trust my brother, i carried him to blame, which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame.  kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon i will be gone, but let me just warn you all, before i do pass on; stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code, and hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road.the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.by bob dylan    if you getcha one girl, better get two  case you run into gypsy lou  she's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind  always leavin' somebody behind.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i seen the whole country through  just to find gypsy lou  seen it up, seen it down  followin' gypsy lou around.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i gotta stop and take some rest  my poor feet are second best  my poor feet are wearin' thin  gypsy lou's gone again.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, seen her up in old cheyenne  turned my head and away she ran  from denver town to wichita  last i heard she's in arkansas.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i tell you what if you what if you want to do  tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes  if you want to wear out your shoes  try and follow gypsy lou.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, gypsy lou, i been told  livin' down on gallus road  gallus road, arlington  moved away to washington.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i went down to washington  then she went to oregon  i skipped the ground and hopped a train  she's back in gallus road again.  hey, i can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, the last i heard of gypsy lou  she's in a memphis calaboose  she left one too many a boy behind  he committed suicide.  hey, you can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone againwell met, well met, my own true love well met, well met, cried she i've just returned from the salt, salt sea and it's all for the love of thee  i could have married a king's daughter there she would have married me but i have forsaken my king's daughter there it's all for the love of thee  well, if you could have married a king's daughter there i'm sure you're the one to blame for i am married to a house carpenter and i'm sure he's a fine young man  forsake, forsake your house carpenter and come away with me i'll take you where the green grass grows on the shores of sunny italy  so up she picked her babies three and gave them kisses, one, two, three saying "take good care of your daddy while i'm gone and keep him good company."  well, they were sailin' about two weeks i'm sure it was not three when the younger of the girls, she came on deck sayin' she wants company  "well, are you weepin' for your house and home? or are you weepin' for your babies three?" "well, i'm not weepin' for my house carpenter i'm weepin' for my babies three."  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as white as snow those are the hill of heaven, my love you and i'll never know  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as dark as night those are the hills of hell-fire my love where you and i will unite  oh twice around went the gallant ship i'm sure it was not three when the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak and it drifted to the bottom of the sea[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]just like old saxophone joe when he's hot ,the hogshead up on his toe oh me, oh my love that country pie.  listen to the fiddler play when he's playin' 'til the break of day   oh me, oh my love that country pie.  raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime what do i care? blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum call me for dinner, honey, i'll be there.  saddle me up on my big white goose tie me on 'er turn her loose oh me, oh my love that country pie.  i don't need much and that ain't no lie ain't runnin' any race  give to me my country pie i won't throw it up in anybody's face.  shake me up that old peach tree little jack horner's got nothin' on me oh me, oh my love that country pie.let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears while we all sup sorrow with the poor. there's a song that will linger forever in our ears, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay. there are frail forms fainting at the door. though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say. oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er. though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.well, it's always been my nature to take chances my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances where the current is strong and the monkey dances to the tune of a concertina  blood dryin' in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore i know what it is that has drawn me to your door but whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed and the head of a hyena  do i need your permission to turn the other cheek? if you can read my mind, why must i speak? no, i have heard nothing about the man that you seek angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road with your subpoena  when you cease to exist, then who will you blame? i've tried my best to love you, but i cannot play this game your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  there's a black mercedes rollin' through the combat zone your servants are half deadwhen they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? did they know he was the son of god, did they know that he was lord? did they hear when he told peter, "peter, put up your sword"? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know?  when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men saying, "master, tell me why a man must be born again." when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he said, "pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize? same thing my father do, i can do likewise." when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare? the multitude wanted to make him king, put a crown upon his head why did he slip away to a quiet place instead? did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?in the lonely night in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light you're comin' through to me in black and white when we were made of dreams.  you're blowing down the shaky street, you're hearing my heart beat in the record breaking heat where we were born in time.  not one more night, not one more kiss, not this time baby, no more of this, takes too much skill, takes too much will, it's revealing. you came, you saw, just like the law you married young, just like your ma, you tried and tried, you made me slide you left me reelin' with this feelin'.  on the rising curve where the ways of nature will test every nerve, you won't get anything you don't deserve where we were born in time.  bridge #2: you pressed me once, you pressed me twice, you hang the flame, you'll pay the price, oh babe, that fire is still smokin'. you were snow, you were rain you were striped, you were plain, oh babe, truer words have not been spoken or broken.  in the hills of mystery, in the foggy web of destiny, you can have what's left of me, where we were born in time.listen to me, baby, there's something you must see. i want to be with you, gal, if you want to be with me.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm questionin' you. to take part in any quiz. it's just that i ain't got no watch an' you keep askin' me what time it is.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  i am just a poor boy, baby, lookin' to connect. but i certainly don't want you thinkin' that i ain't got any respect.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  you know i'd have nightmares and a guilty conscience, too, if i kept you from anything that you really wanted to do.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm wantin' anything you never gave before. it's just that i'll be sleepin' soon, it'll be too dark for you to find the door.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.there's guns across the river aimin' at ya lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya billy, they don't like you to be so free.  campin' out all night on the berenda dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda up to boot hill they'd like to send ya billy, don't you turn your back on me.  playin' around with some sweet senorita into her dark hallway she will lead ya in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya billy, you're so far away from home.  there's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places bullet holes and scars between the spaces there's always one more notch and ten more paces billy, and you're walkin' all alone.  they say that pat garrett's got your number so sleep with one eye open when you slumber every little sound just might be thunder thunder from the barrel of his gun.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley, maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.  there's always some new stranger sneakin' glances some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances and some old whore from san pedro to make advances advances on your spirit and your soul.  the businessmen from taos want you to go down they've hired pat garrett to force a showdown. billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down to be shot down by the man who was your friend?  hang on to your woman if you got one remember in el paso, once, you shot one. she may have been a whore, but she was a hot one billy, you been runnin' for so long.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.gonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  if i can't find my baby i'm gonna run away and hide  well, i been pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  well, i been praying for salvation  laying round in a one-room country shack  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  'til there's nothing left to see  'til the chains have been shattered and i been freed  but i'm looking at my shadow, i been watching the clouds up above  looking at my shadow, watching the clouds up above  rolling through the rain and hail  looking for the sunny side of love  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  i keep on walking 'til i hear her holler out my namenobody feels any pain tonight as i stand here in the rain. everybody knows that baby's got new clothes, but lately i see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  queen mary, she's my friend. yes i believe i'll go see her again. nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed 'till she finally sees that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamines, and her pearls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  it was raining from the first, and i was dying there of thirst, so i came in here. and your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here. i can't stay in here. ain't it clear...  that i just can't fit. yes i believe it's time for us to quit. but when we met again  introduced as friends, please don't let on that you knew me when i was hungry, and it was your world.  you fake just like a woman. you make love just like a woman. and then you ache just like a woman. but you break just like a little girl.come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song. sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong. just a little glimpse of a story i'll tell 'bout an east coast city that you all know well.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  old new york city is a friendly old town, from washington heights to harlem on down. there's a-mighty many people all millin' all around, they'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  it's a mighty long ways from the golden gate to rockefeller plaza n' the empire state. mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird, old mister empire never says a word.  it's hard times from the country, livin' down in new york town.  well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work. stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt. if you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry, if you only got a nickel, it's the staten island ferry.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  mister hudson come a-sailin' down the stream and old mister minuet paid for his dream. bought your city on a one-way track, if i had my way i'd sell it right back.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  i'll take all the smog in california 'n every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains, 'n the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines. it's all much cleaner than the new york kind.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  so all you newsy people, spreadin' the news around, you see'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song. you see'n step on my name, you see'n try 'n' get me beat, when i leave new york, i'll be standin' on my feet.  hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.oh, god said to abraham, "kill me a son" abe said, "man, you must be puttin' me on" god said, "no" abe say, "what?" god say, "you can do what you want, abe, but the next time you see me comin', you better run" well, abe said, "where d'you want this killin' done?" god said, "out on highway 61"  well, georgia sam, he had a bloody nose welfare department, they wouldn't give him no clothes he asked poor howard, "where can i go?" howard said, "there's only one place i know" sam said, "tell me quick, man, i got to run" oh, howard just pointed with his gun and said, "that way, down highway 61"  well, mack the finger said to louie the king "i got forty red-white-and-blue shoestrings and a thousand telephones that don't ring do you know where i can get rid of these things?" and louie the king said, "let me think for a minute, son" then he said, "yes, i think it can be easily done just take everything down to highway 61"  now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night told the first father that things weren't right "my complexion," she says, "is much too white" he said, "come here and step into the light" he said, "hmm, you're right, let me tell the second mother this has been done" but the second mother was with the seventh son and they were both out on highway 61  now, the roving gambler he was very bored trying to create a next world war he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor he said, "i never engaged in this kind of thing before but yes, i think it can be very easily done we'll just put some bleachers out in the sun and have it on highway 61"up on the white veranda she wears a necktie and a panama hat. her passport shows a face from another time and place she looks nothing like that. and all the remnants of her recent past are scattered in the wild wind. she walks across the marble floor where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in. she smiles, walks the other way as the last ship sails and the moon fades away from black diamond bay.  as the morning light breaks open, the greek comes down and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write. "pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says, carefully removes his fez, "am i hearing you right?" and as the yellow fog is lifting the greek is quickly heading for the second floor. she passes him on the spiral staircase thinking he's the soviet ambassador, she starts to speak, but he walks away as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway on black diamond bay.  a soldier sits beneath the fan doing business with a tiny man who sells him a ring. lightning strikes, the lights blow out. the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout, "can you see anything?" then the greek appears on the second floor in his bare feet with a rope around his neck, while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle, says, "open up another deck." but the dealer says, "attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,'' as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away from black diamond bay.  the desk clerk heard the woman laugh as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough. he tried to grab the woman's hand, said, "here's a ring, it cost a grand." she said, "that ain't enough." then she ran upstairs to pack her bags while a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb. she passed the door that the greek had locked, where a handwritten sign read, "do not disturb." she knocked upon it anyway as the sun went down and the music did play on black diamond bay.  "i've got to talk to someone quick!" but the greek said, "go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor. he hung there from the chandelier. she cried, "help, there's danger near please open up the door!" then the volcano erupted and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above. the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner thinking of forbidden love. but the desk clerk said, "it happens every day," as the stars fell down and the fields burned away on black diamond bay.  as the island slowly sank the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room. the dealer said, "it's too late now. you can take your money, but i don't know how you'll spend it in the tomb." the tiny man bit the soldier's ear as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew, while she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her, "my darling, je vous aime beaucoup." she sheds a tear and then begins to pray as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away from black diamond bay.  i was sitting home alone one night in l.a., watching old cronkite on the seven o'clock news. it seems there was an earthquake that left nothing but a panama hat and a pair of old greek shoes. didn't seem like much was happening, so i turned it off and went to grab another beer. seems like every time you turn around there's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear and there's really nothing anyone can say and i never did plan to go anyway to black diamond bay.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i think about him now lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine  he died on the road he died on the road he never had enough money to pay his room or board and he was a friend of mine  i stole away and cried i stole away and cried 'cause i never had too much money and i never been quite satisfied and he was a friend of mine  he never done no wrong he never done no wrong a thousand miles from home and he never harmed no one and he was a friend of mine  he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i hear his name lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine.i pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would've stayed home, who uses all his power to do evil but in the end is always left so alone. that man whom with his fingers cheats and who lies with ev'ry breath, who passionately hates his life and likewise, fears his death.  i pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain, whose heaven is like ironsides, whose tears are like rain, who eats but is not satisfied, who hears but does not see, who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me.  i pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud, who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood, whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass. i pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass.been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams in another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed to some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  think i'll go out and go for a walk not much happening here, nothing ever does besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want to talk i got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever it was.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man see my face and lives.  took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race it goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face and see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the trck the world could come to an end tonight, bt that's all right she could still be there sleeping when i get back.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  noontime, and i'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, i can't stumble or stay put someone else is speaking with my mouth, but i'm listening with my heart i've made shoes for everyone, even you, while i go barefoot.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.well, i ride on a mailtrain, babe can't buy a thrill well, i've been up all night leanin' on the window sill well, if i die on top of the hill and if i don't make it you know my baby will.  don't the moon look good, mama shinin' through the trees ? don't the brakeman look good, mama ragging down the "double e" ? don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea ? don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me ?  now the wintertime is coming the windows are filled with frost i went to tell everybody but i could not get across well, i wanna be your lover, baby i don't wanna be your boss don't say i never warned you when your train gets lost.you must leave now, take what you need, you think will last but whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast yonder stands your orphan with his gun crying like a fire in the sun look out the saints are comin' through and it's all over now, baby blue  the highway is for gamblers, better use your sense take what you have gathered from coincidence the empty-handed painter from your streets is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets this sky, too, is folding under you and it's all over now, baby blue  all your seasick sailors, they are rowing home all your reindeer armies, are all going home the lover who just walked out your door has taken all his blankets from the floor the carpet, too, is moving under you and it's all over now, baby blue  leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you the vagabond who's rapping at your door is standing in the clothes that you once wore strike another match, go start anew and it's all over now, baby blueif you see her, say hello, she might be in tangier she left here last early spring, is livin' there, i hear say for me that i'm all right though things get kind of slow she might think that i've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.  we had a falling-out, like lovers often will and to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill and though our separation, it pierced me to the heart she still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.  if you get close to her, kiss her once for me i always have respected her for busting out and gettin' free oh, whatever makes her happy, i won't stand in the way though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay.  i see a lot of people as i make the rounds and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town and i've never gotten used to it, i've just learned to turn it off either i'm too sensitive or else i'm gettin' soft.  sundown, yellow moon, i replay the past i know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast if she's passin' back this way, i'm not that hard to find tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.handy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candydo you love me, or are you just extending goodwill? do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt? i've been burned before and i know the score so you won't hear me complain. will i be able to count on you or is your love in vain?  are you so fast that you cannot see that i must have solitude? when i am in the darkness, why do you intrude? do you know my world, do you know my kind or must i explain? will you let me be myself or is your love in vain?  well i've been to the mountain and i've been in the wind, i've been in and out of happiness. i have dined with kings, i've been offered wings and i've never been too impressed.  all right, i'll take a chance, i will fall in love with you if i'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too. can you cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain? are you willing to risk it all or is your love in vain?i sang the song slowly as she stood in the shadows she stepped to the light as my silver strings spun she called with her eyes to the tune i's a-playin' but the song it was long and i'd only begun  through a bullet of light her face was reflectin' the fast fading words that rolled from my tongue with a long-distance look her eyes was on fire but the song it was long and there was more to be sung.  my eyes danced a circle across her clear outline with her head tilted sideways she called me again as the tune drifted out she breathed hard through the echo but the song it was long and it was far to the end  i glanced at my guitar and played it pretendin' that of all the eyes out there i could see none as her thoughts pounded hard like the pierce of an arrow but the song it was long and it had to get done  as the tune finally folded i laid down the guitar then looked for the girl who'd stayed for so long but her shadow was missin' for all of my searchin' so i picked up my guitar and began the next songdo you love me, or are you just extending goodwill? do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt? i've been burned before and i know the score so you won't hear me complain. will i be able to count on you or is your love in vain?  are you so fast that you cannot see that i must have solitude? when i am in the darkness, why do you intrude? do you know my world, do you know my kind or must i explain? will you let me be myself or is your love in vain?  well i've been to the mountain and i've been in the wind, i've been in and out of happiness. i have dined with kings, i've been offered wings and i've never been too impressed.  all right, i'll take a chance, i will fall in love with you if i'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too. can you cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain? are you willing to risk it all or is your love in vain?if dogs run free, then why not we across the swooping plain? my ears hear a symphony of two mules, trains and rain. the best is always yet to come, that's what they explain to me. just do your thing, you'll be king, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, why not me across the swamp of time? my mind weaves a symphony and tapestry of rhyme. oh, winds which rush my tale to thee so it may flow and be, to each his own, it's all unknown, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, then what must be, must be, and that is all. true love can make a blade of grass stand up straight and tall. in harmony with the cosmic sea, true love needs no company, it can cure the soul, it can make it whole, if dogs run free.now an' then, there's a fool such as i pardon me if i'm sentimental, when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone i will dream a little dream as years go by now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, but i love you dear, yes i will, until the day i die now an' then there's a fool such as i  pardon me, pardon me if i'm sentimental when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone, when you're gone i will dream a little, i will dream as years go by now an' then, now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, yes but i love you dear i will love you dear, until the day, until the day i die now an' then, now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool such as ione by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.i'll remember you when i've forgotten all the rest you to me were true you to me were the best when there is no more you cut to the core quicker than anyone i knew when i'm all alone in the great unknown i'll remember you.  i'll remember you at the end of the trail i had so much left to do i had so little time to fail there's some people that you don't forget even though you've only seen 'em one time or two when the roses fade and i'm in the shade i'll remember you.  didn't i, didn't i try to love you? didn't i, didn't i try to care? didn't i sleep, didn't i weep beside you with the rain blowing in your hair.  i'll remember you when the wind blows through the piny wood it was you who came right through it was you who understood though i'd never say that i done it the way that you'd have liked me to in the end my dear sweet friend i'll remember you.i woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. i woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. wishin' my long-lost lover will walk to me, talk to me, tell me what it's all about.  i was standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. well, my wrist was empty but my nerves were kickin', tickin' like a clock.  if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. you can come to me sometime, night time, day time, any time you want.  sometimes i'm thinkin'  i'm too high to fall. sometimes i'm thinkin' i'm too high to fall. other times i'm thinkin' i'm so low i don't know if i can come up at all.  black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. though it's funny, honey, i just don't feel much like a scarecrow today.while riding on a train goin' west, i fell asleep for to take my rest. i dreamed a dream that made me sad, concerning myself and the first few friends i had.  with half-damp eyes i stared to the room where my friends and i spent many an afternoon, where we together weathered many a storm, laughin' and singin' till the early hours of the morn.  by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung, our words were told, our songs were sung, where we longed for nothin' and were quite satisfied talkin' and a-jokin' about the world outside.  with haunted hearts through the heat and cold, we never thought we could ever get old. we thought we could sit forever in fun but our chances really was a million to one.  as easy it was to tell black from white, it was all that easy to tell wrong from right. and our choices were few and the thought never hit that the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split.  how many a year has passed and gone, and many a gamble has been lost and won, and many a road taken by many a friend, and each one i've never seen again.  i wish, i wish, i wish in vain, that we could sit simply in that room again. ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat, i'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" well, your railroad gate, you know i just can't jump it sometimes it gets so hard, you see i'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet with all these promises you left for me but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well, i waited for you when i was half sick yes, i waited for you when you hated me well, i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic when you knew i had some other place to be now where are you tonight, sweet marie ?   well, anybody can be just like me, obviously but then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.  well, six white horses that you did promise were fin'ly delivered down to the penitentiary but to live outside the law, you must be honest i know you always say that you agree but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well i don't know how it happened but the river-boat captain he knows my fate but ev'rybody else, even yourself they're just gonna have to wait.  well, i got the fever down in my pockets the persian drunkard, he follows me yes, i can take him to your house but i can't unlock it you see, you forgot to leave me with the key oh, where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  now, i been in jail when all my mail showed that a man can't give his address out to bad company and now i stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad in the ruins of your balcony wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet marie ?once upon a time you dressed so fine threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you? people call say 'beware doll, you're bound to fall' you thought they were all kidding you you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out now you don't talk so loud now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be without a home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh you've gone to the finest schools, alright miss lonely but you know you only used to get juiced in it nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you're gonna have to get used to it you say you never compromise with the mystery tramp, but now you realize he's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say do you want to make a deal?  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ah you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you you never understood that it ain't no good you shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you you used to ride on a chrome horse with your diplomat who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat ain't it hard when you discovered that he really wasn't where it's at after he took from you everything he could steal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to have you on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh princess on a steeple and all the pretty people they're all drinking, thinking that they've got it made exchanging all precious gifts but you better take your diamond ring, you better pawn it babe you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse when you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose you're invisible now, you've got no secrets to conceal    how does it feel, ah how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stonehandy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candyfull moon and empty arms the moon is there for us to share but where are you?  a night like this could weave a memory and every kiss could start a dream for two  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with you  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with youearly one morning the sun was shining i was laying in bed wond'ring if she'd changed it all if her hair was still red her folks they said our lives together sure was gonna be rough they never did like mama's homemade dress papa's bankbook wasn't big enough and i was standing on the side of the road rain falling on my shoes heading out for the east coast lord knows i've paid some dues getting through tangled up in blue.  she was married when we first meet soon to be divorced i helped her out of a jam i guess but i used a little too much force we drove that car as far as we could abandoned it out west split it up on a dark sad night both agreeing it was best she turned around to look at me as i was walking away i heard her say over my shoulder "we'll meet again someday on the avenue" tangled up in blue.  i had a job in the great north woods working as a cook for a spell but i never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell so i drifted down to new orleans where i happened to be employed working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of delacroix but all the while i was alone  the past was close behind i seen a lot of women but she never escaped my mind my love just grew tangled up in blue.  she was working in a topless place and i stopped in for a beer i just kept looking at her side of her face in the spotlight so clear and later on as the crowd thinned out i's just about to do the same she was standing there in back of my chair saying "jimmy, don't i know your name ?" i muttered something underneath my breath she studied the lines on my face i must admit i felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe tangled up in blue.  she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe "i thought you'd never say hello" she said "you look like the silent type" then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me written by an italian poet from the thirteenth century and every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul from me to you tangled up in blue  i lived with them on montague street in a basement down the stairs there was music in the caf,s at night and revolution in the air then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died she had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside and when finally the bottom fell out  i became withdrawn the only thing i knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew tangled up in blue.  so now i'm going back again i got to get her somehow all the people we used to know they're an illusion to me now some are mathematicians some are carpenter's wives don't know how it all got started i don't what they're doing with their lives but me i'm still on the road heading for another joint we always did feel the same we just saw it from a different point of view tangled up in blue.oh well, i love you pretty baby you're the only love i've ever known just as long as you stay with me the whole world is my throne beyond here lies nothin' nothing we can call our own  well, i'm moving after midnight down boulevards of broken cars don't know what i do without it without this love that we call ours beyond here lies nothin' nothing but the moon and stars  down every street there's a window and every window made of glass we'll keep on loving pretty baby for as long as love will last beyond here lies nothin' but the mountains of the past  well my ship is in the harbor and the sails are spread listen to me, pretty baby lay your hand upon my head beyond here lies nothin' nothing done and nothing saidwell, i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round. while sailing 'round the ocean, while sailing 'round the sea i'd think of handsome molly wherever she might be. don't you remember, molly you gave me your right hand? you said whenever you'd marry i would be the man. but you broke your promise go with whom you please my poor heart is aching you are at your ease. i went to church last sunday molly came ridin' by i could tell her mind was changin' by the rovin' of her eye. i go down to the river though everyone's asleep i think of handsome molly an' i begin to weep. so i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round.i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you know the smile on her lips the thrill an' the touch of her fingertips but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress in each tender kiss but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you stole her love from me one day you didn't care how it hurt me but you can never steal away memories of what used to be you think she's yours to have and to hold someday you'll learn when her love grows cold but i forgot more than you'll ever know about herafter a while we took in the clothes, nobody said very much. just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants which nobody really wanted to touch. mama come in and picked up a book an' papa asked her what it was. someone else asked, "what do you care?" papa said, "well, just because." then they started to take back their clothes, hang 'em on the line. it was january the thirtieth and everybody was feelin' fine.  the next day everybody got up seein' if the clothes were dry. the dogs were barking, a neighbor passed, mama, of course, she said, "hi!" "have you heard the news?" he said, with a grin, "the vice-president's gone mad!" "where?" "downtown." "when?" "last night." "hmm, say, that's too bad!" "well, there's nothin' we can do about it," said the neighbor, "it's just somethin' we're gonna have to forget." "yes, i guess so," said ma, then she asked me if the clothes was still wet.  i reached up, touched my shirt, and the neighbor said, "are those clothes yours?" i said, "some of 'em, not all of 'em." he said, "ya always help out around here with the chores?" i said, "sometime, not all the time." then my neighbor, he blew his nose just as papa yelled outside, "mama wants you t' come back in the house and bring them clothes." well, i just do what i'm told, so, i did it, of course. i went back in the house and mama met me and then i shut all the doors.as i walked out tonight in the mystic garden the wounded flowers were dangling from the vine i was passing by yon cool crystal fountain someone hit me from behind  ain't talkin', just walkin' through this weary world of woe heart burnin', still yearnin' no one on earth would ever know  they say prayer has the power to heal so pray from the mother in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell i am a-tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others but oh, mother, things ain't going well  ain't talkin', just walkin' i'll burn that bridge before you can cross heart burnin', still yearnin' there'll be no mercy for you once you've lost  now i'm all worn down by weeping my eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry if i catch my opponents ever sleeping i'll just slaughter 'em where they lie  ain't talkin', just walkin' through the world mysterious and vague heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' through the cities of the plague.  well, the whole world is filled with speculation the whole wide world which people say is round they will tear your mind away from contemplation they will jump on your misfortune when you're down  ain't talkin', just walkin' eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town. heart burnin', still yearnin' some day you'll be glad to have me around.  they will crush you with wealth and power every waking moment you could crack i'll make the most of one last extra hour i'll revenge my father's death then i'll step back  ain't talkin', just walkin' hand me down my walkin' cane. heart burnin', still yearnin' got to get you out of my miserable brain.  all my loyal and my much-loved companions they approve of me and share my code i practice a faith that's been long abandoned ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road  ain't talkin', just walkin' my mule is sick, my horse is blind. heart burnin', still yearnin' thinkin' 'bout that gal i left behind.  well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin' fame and honor never seem to fade the fire gone out but the light is never dyin' who says i can't get heavenly aid?  ain't talkin', just walkin' carryin' a dead man's shield heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' with a toothache in my heel  the sufferin' is unending every nook and cranny has its tears i'm not playing, i'm not pretending i'm not nursin' any superfluous fears  ain't talkin', just walkin' walkin' ever since the other night. heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' 'til i'm clean out of sight.  as i walked out in the mystic garden on a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn excuse me, ma'am, i beg your pardon there's no one here, the gardener is gone  ain't talkin', just walkin' up the road, around the bend. heart burnin', still yearnin' in the last outback at the world's end.feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel. you all been down and lonesome, you know just how a poor man feels.  been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, i done pawned my pistol, baby, my best clothes been sold.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i ain't cryin' for no religion, lord, give me back my good gal please.  if you give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, don't have to put her in my house, lordy, just lead her to my door.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? now you hear me tappin', tappin' across your floor.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all. what make me love my woman, she can really do the georgia crawl.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, if you're a real hot momma, come take away daddy's weeping spell.like the lion tears the flesh off of a man so can a woman who passes herself off as a male they sang "danny boy" at his funeral and the lord's prayer preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head he feeds off of everyone that he can touch he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash he's not somebody that you play around with much miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is she'll do wondrous works with your fate feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors how to enter into the gates of paradise no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in sing "amazing grace" all the way to the swiss banks  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  they got some beautiful people out there, man they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue they got mystery written all over their forehead they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young they don't believe in mercy judgment on them is something that you'll never see they can exalt you up or bring you down main route turn you into anything that they want you to be  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  yes, i guess i loved him too i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped struck down by the strength of the will ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid from now on, this'll be where you're from let the dead bury the dead. your time will come let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' backby bob dylan    well, if i had to do it all over again,  babe, i'd do it all over you.  and if i had to wait for ten thousand years,  babe, i'd even do that too.  well, a dog's got his bone in the alley,  a cat, she's got nine lives,  a millionaire's got a million dollars,  king saud's got four hundred wives.  well, ev'rybody's got somethin'  that they're lookin' forward to.  i'm lookin' forward to when i can do it all again  and babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, if i had my way tomorrow or today,  babe, i'd run circles all around.  i'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin,  i'd even dance a jig on the ground.  well, everybody gets their hour,  everybody gets their time,  little david when he picked up his pebbles,  even sampson after he went blind.  well, everybody gets the chance  to do what they want to do.  when my time arrives you better run for your life  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, i don't need no money, i just need a day that's sunny,  baby, and my days are gonna come.  and i grab me a pint, you know that i'm a giant  when you hear me yellin', "fee-fi-fo-fum."  well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle,  you made me to a walkin' wreck,  then you pushed my heart through my backbone,  then you knocked off my head from my neck.  well, if i'm ever standin' steady  a-doin' what i want to do,  well, i tell you little lover that you better run for cover  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    i'm just restin' at your gate so that i won't be late  and, momma, i'm a-just sittin' on the shelf.  look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there  just a-fumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself.  well, after my cigarette's been smoked up,  after all my liquor's been drunk,  after my dreams are dreamed out,  after all my thoughts have been thunk,  well, after i do some of these things,  i'm gonna do what i have to do.  and i tell you on the side, that you better run and hide  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.by bob dylan and helena springs    we have got to come together  how long can we stay apart?  you may get it maybe never  but it's coming from the heart.    your life is full of indecision  you can't make up your mind.  we must get it in position  and move it on down the line.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    make me up a bed of roses  and hang them down from the vine  of all my loves you've been the closest  that's ever been on my mind.    please don't talk about tomorrow  i'm really not one to care  this world is filled with too much sorrow  that nobody's heart should bear.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    please, please give me indication  stop and talk to me  like a river that is flowing  my love will never cease to be.    you will always be my honey  no one could take your part  our love can't be bought with money  'cause it's coming from the heart.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams in another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed to some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  think i'll go out and go for a walk not much happening here, nothing ever does besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want to talk i got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever it was.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man see my face and lives.  took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race it goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face and see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the trck the world could come to an end tonight, bt that's all right she could still be there sleeping when i get back.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  noontime, and i'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, i can't stumble or stay put someone else is speaking with my mouth, but i'm listening with my heart i've made shoes for everyone, even you, while i go barefoot.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.smoky autumn night, stars up in the sky, i see the sailin' boats across the bay go by. eucalyptus trees hang above the street and then i turn my head, for you're approachin' me. moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room with a golden loom.  first we wash our feet near the immortal shrine and then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine. i see the hungry clouds up above your face and then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste. and then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom  with your golden loom.  i walk across the bridge in the dismal light where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night. i see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail and then i kiss your lips as i lift your veil. but you're gone and then all i seem to recall is the smell of perfume and your golden loom.do you love me, or are you just extending goodwill? do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt? i've been burned before and i know the score so you won't hear me complain. will i be able to count on you or is your love in vain?  are you so fast that you cannot see that i must have solitude? when i am in the darkness, why do you intrude? do you know my world, do you know my kind or must i explain? will you let me be myself or is your love in vain?  well i've been to the mountain and i've been in the wind, i've been in and out of happiness. i have dined with kings, i've been offered wings and i've never been too impressed.  all right, i'll take a chance, i will fall in love with you if i'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too. can you cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain? are you willing to risk it all or is your love in vain?[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]ain't no more cane on the brazos oh, oh, oh, oh... its all been ground down to molasses oh, oh- oh, oh- oh...  you shoulda been on the river in 1910 they were driving the women just like they drove the men.  go down old hannah, don'cha rise no more don't you rise up til judgment day's for sure  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses  captain, don't you do me like you done poor old shine well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind  wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses.well met, well met, my own true love well met, well met, cried she i've just returned from the salt, salt sea and it's all for the love of thee  i could have married a king's daughter there she would have married me but i have forsaken my king's daughter there it's all for the love of thee  well, if you could have married a king's daughter there i'm sure you're the one to blame for i am married to a house carpenter and i'm sure he's a fine young man  forsake, forsake your house carpenter and come away with me i'll take you where the green grass grows on the shores of sunny italy  so up she picked her babies three and gave them kisses, one, two, three saying "take good care of your daddy while i'm gone and keep him good company."  well, they were sailin' about two weeks i'm sure it was not three when the younger of the girls, she came on deck sayin' she wants company  "well, are you weepin' for your house and home? or are you weepin' for your babies three?" "well, i'm not weepin' for my house carpenter i'm weepin' for my babies three."  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as white as snow those are the hill of heaven, my love you and i'll never know  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as dark as night those are the hills of hell-fire my love where you and i will unite  oh twice around went the gallant ship i'm sure it was not three when the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak and it drifted to the bottom of the seaby bob dylan  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  come on brother, join the band, come on sisters, clap your hands, tell everybody that's in the land, you ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  brown and blue and white and black, all one color on the one-way track, we got this far and ain't a-goin' back and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we're gonna notify your next of kin, you're gonna raise the roof until the house falls in. if you get knocked down get up again, we ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we'll sing this song all night long, sing it to my baby from midnight on. she'll sing it to you when i'm dead and gone, ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no moreoh it's fare thee well my darlin' true, i'm leavin' in the first hour of the morn. i'm bound off for the bay of mexico or maybe the coast of californ. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard and the rain she's a-turnin' into hail. i still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west, though i'm travelin' on a path beaten trail. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will write you a letter from time to time, as i'm ramblin' you can travel with me too. with my head, my heart and my hands, my love, i will send what i learn back home to you. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will tell you of the laughter and of troubles, be them somebody else's or my own. with my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high, i will travel unnoticed and unknown. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i've heard tell of a town where i might as well be bound, it's down around the old mexican plains. they say that the people are all friendly there and all they ask of you is your name. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.just a minute before you leave, girl just a minute before you touch the door what is it that you're trying to achieve, girl? do you think we can talk about it some more? you know the streets are filled with vipers who've lost all ray of hope you know, it ain't even safe no more in the palace of the pope.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  come over here from over there, girl sit down here, you can have my chair i can't see us going anywhere, girl the only place open is a thousand miles away and i can't take you there i wish i'd have been a doctor maybe i'd have saved some life that had been lost maybe i'd have done some good in the world 'stead of burning every bridge i crossed.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  i ain't too good at conversation, girl so you might not know exactly how i feel but if i could, i'd bring you to the mountaintop, girl and build you a house made out of stainless steel but it's like i'm stuck inside a painting my throat start to tickle and my nose itches but i know that i can't move.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's gone but the past lives on tomorrow's just one step beyond and i need you, yeah.  who are these people who are walking towards you do you know them or will there be a fight? with their humorless smiles so easy to see through can they tell you what's wrong from right?  do you remember st. james street where you blew jackie p.'s mind? you were so fine, clark gable would have fell at your feet and laid his life on the line.  let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl no more booby traps and bombs no more decadence and charm no more affection that's been misplaced, girl no more mud cake creatures lying in your arms what about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants? he looked so baffled and bewildered when he played and we didn't dance.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? did they know he was the son of god, did they know that he was lord? did they hear when he told peter, "peter, put up your sword"? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know?  when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men saying, "master, tell me why a man must be born again." when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he said, "pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize? same thing my father do, i can do likewise." when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare? the multitude wanted to make him king, put a crown upon his head why did he slip away to a quiet place instead? did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?lazy stadium night catfish on the mound. "strike three," the umpire said, batter have to go back and sit down.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  used to work on mr. finley's farm but the old man wouldn't pay so he packed his glove and took his arm an' one day he just ran away.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  come up where the yankees are, dress up in a pinstripe suit, smoke a custom-made cigar, wear an alligator boot.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  carolina born and bred, love to hunt the little quail. got a hundred-acre spread, got some huntin' dogs for sale.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  reggie jackson at the plate seein' nothin' but the curve, swing too early or too late got to eat what catfish serve.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  even billy martin grins when the fish is in the game. every season twenty wins gonna make the hall of fame.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.now there's a man you'll hear about most anywhere you go, and his holdings are in texas and his name is diamond joe.  and he carries all his money in a diamond-studded jar. he never took much trouble with the process of the law.  i hired out to diamond joe, boys, did offer him my hand, he gave a string of horses so old they could not stand.  and i nearly starved to death, boys, he did mistreat me so, and i never saved a dollar in the pay of diamond joe.  now his bread it was corn dodger and his meat you couldn't chaw, nearly drove me crazy with the wagging of his jaw.  and the telling of his story, mean to let you know that there never was a rounder that could lie like diamond joe.  now, i tried three times to quit him, but he did argue so i'm still punching cattle in the pay of diamond joe.  and when i'm called up yonder and it's my time to go, give my blankets to my buddies give the fleas to diamond joe.down over the window from the dazzling sunlit rays through the back alleys, through the blinds another one of them endless days  honey bees are buzzing leaves begin to stir i'm in love with my second cousin i tell myself i could be happy forever with her  i keep listening for footsteps but i ain't never hearing any from the boat, i fish for bullheads i catch a lot, sometimes too many  a summer breeze is blowin' a squall is setting in sometimes it's just plain stupid to get into any kind of wind  well the old men 'round here sometimes they get on bad terms with the younger men, old, young, age don't carry weight it doesn't matter in the end  one of the boss' hangers-on sometimes comes to call at times you least expect tryin' to bully you, strongarm you, inspire you with fear it has the opposite effect  there's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town the old one is long gone 10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across burns with the bark still on  they say times are hard if you don't believe it you can follow your nose it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere we'll just have to see how it goes  my old man, he's like some feudal lord he's got more lives than a cat i've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once things come alive or they fall flat  you can smell the pine wood burnin' you can hear the school bell ring got to get up near the teacher, if you can if you wanna learn anything  romeo, he said to juliet, you got a poor complexion it don't give you an appearance or a youthful touch juliet said back to romeo, why don't you just shove off, if it bothers you so much  they got outta here any way they could cold rain can give you the shivers they went down the ohio, the cumberland, the tennessee, all the rest of them rebel rivers  if you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again, you do so at the peril of your life i'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as i sound i've seen enough heartache and strife  my grandfather was a duck trapper, he could do it with just dragnets and ropes (?) my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth, i don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.  i had 'em once, though i suppose to go along with all the ring dancing, christmas carols and all the christmas eves i left all my dreams and hopes buried under tobacco leaves  not always easy kicking someone up got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task sometimes somebody wants you to give something up and tears or not, it's too much to ask.the jingle bells are jingling the streets are white with snow the happy crowds are mingling but there's no one that i know  i'm sure that you'll forgive me if i don't enthuse i guess i've got the christmas blues  i've done my window shopping there's not a store i've missed but what's the use of stopping when there's no one on your list  you'll know the way i'm feeling when you love and you lose i guess i've got the christmas blues  when somebody wants you somebody needs you christmas is a joy of joys but friends when you're lonely you'll find that it's only a thing for little girls and little boys  may all your days be merry your seasons full of cheer but 'til it's january i'll just go and disappear oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes  but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas blues  oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas bluesgonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  if i can't find my baby i'm gonna run away and hide  well, i been pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  well, i been praying for salvation  laying round in a one-room country shack  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  'til there's nothing left to see  'til the chains have been shattered and i been freed  but i'm looking at my shadow, i been watching the clouds up above  looking at my shadow, watching the clouds up above  rolling through the rain and hail  looking for the sunny side of love  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  i keep on walking 'til i hear her holler out my nameoh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration, the birdies were flying from tree to tree. there was little to say, there was no conversation as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree. and the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking, darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb. i was ready to leave, i was already walkin', but the next time i looked there was light in the room. and the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill, oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin', the weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees. the man standin' next to me, his head was exploding, well, i was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me. yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, and the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i put down my robe, picked up my diploma, took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive, straight for the hills, the black hills of dakota, sure was glad to get out of there alive. and the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. and the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me, singing for me, well, singing for me.by bob dylan and george harrison    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me say it, let me play it,  let me lay it on you.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me grow it on you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.crash on the levee, mama, water's gonna overflow, swamp's gonna rise, no boat's gonna row. now, you can train on down to williams point, you can bust your feet, you can rock this joint. but oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  now, don't you try an' move me, you're just gonna lose. there's a crash on the levee and, mama, you've been refused. well, it's sugar for sugar and salt for salt, if you go down in the flood, it's gonna be your own fault. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  well, that high tide's risin', mama, don't you let me down. pack up your suitcase, mama, don't you make a sound. now, it's king for king, queen for queen, it's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's seen. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? yes, you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.well i'm lookin' the world over looking far off into the east and i see my baby comin' she's walking with the village beast i feel a change comin' on and the last part of the day's already gone  we got so much in common we strive for the same old ends and i just can't wait wait for us to become friends i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well life is for love and they say that love is blind if you wanna live easy baby, pack your clothes with mine i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well now what's the use in dreaming you got better things to do dreams never did work for me anyway even when they did come true  you are as porous as ever baby you can start a fire i must be losing my mind you're the object of my desire i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  i'm listening to billy joe shaver and i'm reading james joyce some people they tell me i got the blood of the land in my voice  everybody got all the money everybody got all the beautiful clothes everybody got all the flowers i don't have one single rose i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gonemary wore three links of chain every link was jesus name keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  mary, mark, luke and john all these prophets are dead and gone keep your hand on that plow, hold on  oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  well, i've never been to heaven but i've been told streets up there are lined with gold keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.the eastern world it is explodin' violence flarin', bullets loadin' you're old enough to kill but not for votin' you don't believe in war, what's that gun you're totin' and even the jordan river has bodies floatin'  but you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  don't you understand, what i'm trying to say? can't you feel the fears that i'm feeling today? if the button is pushed, there's no running away there'll be no one to save with the world in a grave take a look around you, boy, it's bound to scare you, boy  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulatin' i'm sittin' here, just contemplatin' i can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation handful of senators don't pass legislation and marches alone can't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin' this whole crazy world is just too frustratin'  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  think of all the hate there is in red china then take a look around to selma, alabama ah, you may leave here, for four days in space but when your return, it's the same old place the poundin' of the drums, the pride and disgrace you can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace hate your next-door-neighbor, but don't forget to say grace  and you tell me over and over and over and over again my friend you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction you don't believe we're on the eve of destructionyou will search, babe, at any cost, but how long, babe, can you search for what's not lost ? everybody will help you, some people are very kind. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  i can't help it if you might think i am odd if i say i'm not loving you for what you are but for what you're not. everybody will help you, discover what you set out to find but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  the train leaves at half past ten but it'll be back tomorrow same time again. the conductor, he's weary, still stuck on the line. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.there is a house down in new orleans they call the rising sun and it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.  my mother was a tailor she sowed these new blue jeans my sweetheart was a gambler, lord down in new orleans.  now the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk and the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.  he fills his glasses up to the brim and he'll pass the cards around and the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town.  oh tell my baby sister not to do what i have done but shun that house in new orleans they call the rising sun.  well it's one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train i'm going back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain.  i'm going back to new orleans my race is almost run i'm going back to end my life down in the rising sun.  there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?all the early roman kings in their sharkskin suits bow ties and buttons high top boots drivin' the spikes in blazin' the rails nailed in their coffins in top hats and tails  fly away, little bird fly away, flap your wings fly by night like the early roman kings  all the early roman kings in the early, early morn coming down the mountain distributing the corn speeding through the forest racing down the track you try to get away they drag you back  tomorrow is friday we'll see what it brings everybody's talking 'bout the early roman kings  they're peddlers and they're meddlers they buy and they sell they destroyed your city they'll destroy you as well they're lecherous and treacherous hell-bent for leather each of 'em bigger than all men put together  sluggers and muggers wearing fancy gold rings all the women goin' crazy for the early roman kings  i can dress up your wounds with a blood-clotted rag i ain't afraid to make love to a bitch or a hag if you see me comin' and you're standing there wave your handkerchief in the air  i ain't dead yet my bell still rings i keep my fingers crossed like them early roman kings  i can strip you of life strip you of breath ship you down to the house of death one day you will ask for me there'll be no one else that you'll wanna see  bring down my fiddle tune up my strings i'm gonna break it wide open like the early roman kings  i was up on black mountain the day detroit fell they killed 'em all off and they sent 'em to hell ding dong daddy you're coming up short gonna put you on trial in a sicilian court  i've had my fun i've had my flings gonna shake 'em all down like the early roman kingsi can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" the guilty undertaker sighs, the lonely organ grinder cries, the silver saxophones say i should refuse you. the cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn, but it's not that way, i wasn't born to lose you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  the drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep and the saviors who are fast asleep, they wait for you. and i wait for them to interrupt me drinkin' from my broken cup and ask me to open up the gate for you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now all my fathers, they've gone down, true love they've been without it. but all their daughters put me down cause i don't think about it.  well, i return to the queen of spades and talk with my chambermaid. she knows that i'm not afraid to look at her. she is good to me and there's nothing she doesn't see. she knows where i'd like to be but it doesn't matter. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now your dancing child with his chinese suit, he spoke to me, i took his flute. no, i wasn't very cute to him, was i? but i did it, though, because he lied because he took you for a ride and because time was on his side and because i  i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.do you love me, or are you just extending goodwill? do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt? i've been burned before and i know the score so you won't hear me complain. will i be able to count on you or is your love in vain?  are you so fast that you cannot see that i must have solitude? when i am in the darkness, why do you intrude? do you know my world, do you know my kind or must i explain? will you let me be myself or is your love in vain?  well i've been to the mountain and i've been in the wind, i've been in and out of happiness. i have dined with kings, i've been offered wings and i've never been too impressed.  all right, i'll take a chance, i will fall in love with you if i'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too. can you cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain? are you willing to risk it all or is your love in vain?he sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.come gather 'round people wherever you roam and admit that the waters around you have grown and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone. if your time to you is worth savin' then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stone for the times they are a-changin'.  come writers and critics who prophesize with your pen and keep your eyes wide the chance won't come again and don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin and there's no tellin' who that it's namin'. for the loser now will be later to win for the times they are a-changin'.  come senators, congressmen please heed the call don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall for he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled there's a battle outside and it is ragin'. it'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls for the times they are a-changin'.  come mothers and fathers throughout the land and don't criticize what you can't understand your sons and your daughters are beyond your command your old road is rapidly agin'. please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand for the times they are a-changin'.  the line it is drawn the curse it is cast the slow one now will later be fast as the present now will later be past the order is rapidly fadin'. and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin'.handy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candysad i'm sittin' on the railroad track, watchin' that old smokestack. train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.  years ago we hang around, watchin' trains roll through the town. now that train is a-graveyard bound.  where we go up in that north country, lakes and streams and mines so free, i had no better friend than he.  something happened to him that day, i thought i heard a stranger say, i hung my head and stole away.  a diesel truck was headin' down, pullin' down a heavy load. it left him on a utah road.  they carried him back to his home town, his mother cried, his sister moaned, listenin' to them church bells tone.  a diesel truck was rollin' slow, pullin' down a heavy load. and it left him on a utah road.uttering idle words from a reprobate mind,  clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine, never bein' able to separate the good from the bad, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, it's makin' me feel so bad.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.  do you have any faith at all? do you have any love to share? the way that you hold your head, cursin' god with every move, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, what are you tryin' to prove?  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  the glamor ad the bright lights and the politics of sin, the ghetto you build for me is the one you end up in, the race of the engine that overrules your heart, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, pretending that you're so smart.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  what are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun? my back is already to the wall, where can i run? the tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, you want to take me down to hell.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away i wanna stop at carmangale and keep on going that duquesne train gon' rock me night and day  you say i'm a gambler, you say i'm a pimp but i ain't neither one  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing sounding like it's on a final run  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she never blowed before little light blinking, red light glowing blowing like she's at my chamber door  you smiling through the fence at me just like you always smiled before  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart you're the only thing alive that keeps me going you're like a time bomb in my heart  i can hear a sweet voice steadily calling must be the mother of our lord  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like my woman's on board  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away you old rascal, i know exactly where you're going i'll lead you there myself at the break of day  i wake up every morning with that woman in my bed everybody telling me she's gone to my head  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' kill me dead  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing through another no good town  the lights on my native land are glowing i wonder if they'll know me next time 'round i wonder if that old oak tree's still standing that old oak tree, the one we used to climb  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she's blowing right on timehe sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.once upon a time you dressed so fine threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you? people call say 'beware doll, you're bound to fall' you thought they were all kidding you you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out now you don't talk so loud now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be without a home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh you've gone to the finest schools, alright miss lonely but you know you only used to get juiced in it nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you're gonna have to get used to it you say you never compromise with the mystery tramp, but now you realize he's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say do you want to make a deal?  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ah you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you you never understood that it ain't no good you shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you you used to ride on a chrome horse with your diplomat who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat ain't it hard when you discovered that he really wasn't where it's at after he took from you everything he could steal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to have you on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh princess on a steeple and all the pretty people they're all drinking, thinking that they've got it made exchanging all precious gifts but you better take your diamond ring, you better pawn it babe you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse when you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose you're invisible now, you've got no secrets to conceal    how does it feel, ah how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stonewell, in my time of dying don't want nobody to mourn all i want for you to do is take my body home well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  well, meet me jesus, meet me, meet me in the middle of the air if these wings should fail me lord, won't you meet me with another pair? well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  lord, in my time of dying don't want nobody to cry all i want you to do is take me when i die well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.well, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. yes, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. lord, i really miss my baby, she's in some far-off land.  well, your streets are gettin' empty, lord, your highway's gettin' filled. and your streets are gettin' empty and your highway's gettin' filled. well, the way i love that woman, i swear it's bound to get me killed.  well, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. yes, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. right now i'm havin' trouble, please don't take away my highway shoes.  well, i'm bound to get lucky, baby, or i'm bound to die tryin'. yes, i'm a-bound to get lucky, baby, lord, lord i'm a-bound to die tryin'. well, meet me in the middle of the ocean and we'll leave this ol' highway behind.  well, the ocean took my baby, my baby stole my heart from me. yes, the ocean took my baby, my baby took my heart from me. she packed it all up in a suitcase, lord, she took it away to italy, italy.  so, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my poor eyes can see. yes, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my eyes can see. from the golden gate bridge all the way to the statue of liberty.the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.of war and peace the truth just twists its curfew gull just glides upon four-legged forest clouds the cowboy angel rides with his candle lit into the sun though its glow is waxed in black all except when 'neath the trees of eden  the lamppost stands with folded arms its iron claws attached to curbs 'neath holes where babies wail though it shadows metal badge all and all can only fall with a crashing but meaningless blow no sound ever comes from the gates of eden  the savage soldier sticks his head in sand and then complains unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf but still remains upon the beach where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails heading for the gates of eden  with a time-rusted compass blade aladdin and his lamp sits with utopian hermit monks side saddle on the golden calf and on their promises of paradise you will not hear a laugh all except inside the gates of eden  relationships of ownership they whisper in the wings to those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings and i try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings there are no kings inside the gates of eden  the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and her silver-studded phantom cause the gray flannel dwarf to scream as he weeps to wicked birds of prey who pick up on his bread crumb sins and there are no sins inside the gates of eden  the kingdoms of experience in the precious wind they rot while paupers change possessions each one wishing for what the other has got and the princess and the prince discuss what's real and what is not it doesn't matter inside the gates of eden  the foreign sun, it squints upon a bed that is never mine as friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign leaving men wholly, totally free to do anything they wish to do but die and there are no trials inside the gates of eden  at dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams with no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means at times i think there are no words but these to tell what's true and there are no truths outside the gates of edenten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.i hear that train a-rolling, it's a-rolling round the bend i ain't seen the sunshine since i don't know when i'm stucked in folsom prison and time keeps dragging on and i hear that whistle blowing all down to san antone  when i was just a baby my momma told me: son always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns but i shot a man in reno just to watch him die when i hear that train a-pulling i hang my head and cry  i bet there's rich folks eating in their fancy dining cars they're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars but i know i had it coming, i know i can't be free but the people keep a-moving, and that's what tortures me  if they'd free me from this prison, if that railroad train was mine you bet i moved it on a little further down the line far from folsom prison that's where i long to stay and i'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues awaywoke up this morning, feeling blue, seen a good-lookin' girl, can i make love with you? hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i went back home, put on my tie, gonna get that girl that money that money will buy. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  she looked at me, begin to smile, said, "hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?" no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  no, no, ma'ma, i can't wait, you got my money, now you're trying to break this date. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i tell you something, tell you the facts, you don't want me, give my money back. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do. fat man lookin' in a blade of steel thin man lookin' at his last meal hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield for dignity  wise man lookin' in a blade of grass young man lookin' in the shadows that pass poor man lookin' through painted glass for dignity  somebody got murdered on new year's eve somebody said dignity was the first to leave i went into the city, went into the town went into the land of the midnight sun  searchin' high, searchin' low searchin' everywhere i know askin' the cops wherever i go have you seen dignity?  blind man breakin' out of a trance puts both his hands in the pockets of chance hopin' to find one circumstance of dignity  i went to the wedding of mary-lou she said òi don't want nobody see me talkin' to youó said she could get killed if she told me what she knew about dignity  i went down where the vultures feed i would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men wasn't any difference to me  chilly wind sharp as a razor blade house on fire, debts unpaid gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid have you seen dignity?  drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears in a crowded room full of covered up mirrors lookin' into the lost forgotten years for dignity  met prince phillip at the home of the blues said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used he wanted money up front, said he was abused by dignity  footprints runnin' cross the silver sand steps goin' down into tattoo land i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light in the bordertowns of despair  got no place to fade, got no coat i'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat tryin' to read a note somebody wrote about dignity  sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure lookin' at his hands for the lines that were and into every masterpiece of literature for dignity  englishman stranded in the blackheart wind combin' his hair back, his future looks thin bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity  someone showed me a picture and i just laughed dignity never been photographed i went into the red, went into the black into the valley of dry bone dreams  so many roads, so much at stake so many dead ends, i'm at the edge of the lake sometimes i wonder what it's gonna take to find dignity  don't ever try to change me  i been in this thing too long there's nothing you can say or do  to make me think i'm wrong well i'm going off to libya  there's guy i gotta see he's been living there three years now  in an oil refinery i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  call your ma in talahassee tell her her baby's on the line tell her not to worry everything is gonna be fine well i gave you all my money all my connections too there ain't nothing in this world girl you can say i didn't give to you i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  you will be alright girl someone's watching over you he won't do nothing to you baby that i wouldn't do well if you don't want to see me look the other way you don't have to feed me i ain't your dog that's gone astray i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up.by bob dylan    you know, there's two ol' maids layin' in the bed,  one picked herself up an' the other one, she said&#58;  "get your rocks off!  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, there late one night up on blueberry hill,  one man turned to the other man and said, with a blood-curdlin' chill, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was layin' down around mink muscle creek,  one man said to the other man, he began to speak, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was cruisin' down the highway in a greyhound bus.  all kinds-a children in the side road, they was hollerin' at us, sayin'&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me!"spoken intro: i first heard this from ric von schmidt. he lives in cambridge. ric is a blues guitar player. i met him one day in the green pastures of harvard university.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  can i come home with you, baby can i come home with you? yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me come home with you.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.i can't wait  wait for you to change my mind  it's late  i'm tryin' to walk the line   well it's way past midnight  and there's some people all around  some on their way up  some on their way down   the air burns and i'm tryin to think straight  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm your man  i've tried to recover the sweet love that we knew   you understand  that my heart can't go on beating without you  well your loveliness has wounded me  i'm reeling from the blow   i wish i knew what it was that keeps me loving you so  i'm breathin' hard standin' at the gate  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  skies are gray   i'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow  night or day  it doesn't matter where i go anymore i just go  if i ever saw you comin' i don't know what i might do   i'd like to think i could control myself  but it isn't true  that's how it is  when things disintegrate   and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm doomed to love you  i been rollin' through stormy weather  i'm thinkin' of you   and all the places we could roam together  it's mighty funny  the end of time has just begun  oh honey, after all these years you're still the one   well i'm strollin' through the lonely graveyard of my mind  i left my life with you  somewhere back there along the line  i thought somehow that i would be spared this day   i don't know how much longer i can waitas i walked out tonight in the mystic garden the wounded flowers were dangling from the vine i was passing by yon cool crystal fountain someone hit me from behind  ain't talkin', just walkin' through this weary world of woe heart burnin', still yearnin' no one on earth would ever know  they say prayer has the power to heal so pray from the mother in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell i am a-tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others but oh, mother, things ain't going well  ain't talkin', just walkin' i'll burn that bridge before you can cross heart burnin', still yearnin' there'll be no mercy for you once you've lost  now i'm all worn down by weeping my eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry if i catch my opponents ever sleeping i'll just slaughter 'em where they lie  ain't talkin', just walkin' through the world mysterious and vague heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' through the cities of the plague.  well, the whole world is filled with speculation the whole wide world which people say is round they will tear your mind away from contemplation they will jump on your misfortune when you're down  ain't talkin', just walkin' eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town. heart burnin', still yearnin' some day you'll be glad to have me around.  they will crush you with wealth and power every waking moment you could crack i'll make the most of one last extra hour i'll revenge my father's death then i'll step back  ain't talkin', just walkin' hand me down my walkin' cane. heart burnin', still yearnin' got to get you out of my miserable brain.  all my loyal and my much-loved companions they approve of me and share my code i practice a faith that's been long abandoned ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road  ain't talkin', just walkin' my mule is sick, my horse is blind. heart burnin', still yearnin' thinkin' 'bout that gal i left behind.  well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin' fame and honor never seem to fade the fire gone out but the light is never dyin' who says i can't get heavenly aid?  ain't talkin', just walkin' carryin' a dead man's shield heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' with a toothache in my heel  the sufferin' is unending every nook and cranny has its tears i'm not playing, i'm not pretending i'm not nursin' any superfluous fears  ain't talkin', just walkin' walkin' ever since the other night. heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' 'til i'm clean out of sight.  as i walked out in the mystic garden on a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn excuse me, ma'am, i beg your pardon there's no one here, the gardener is gone  ain't talkin', just walkin' up the road, around the bend. heart burnin', still yearnin' in the last outback at the world's end.everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust adjust to what, a dream that bust?  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said what's up is down, they said what isn't is they put ideas in his head that he thought were his.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made him a killer that's what they did.  he was on the basketball team, he was in the marching band when he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said, "listen boy, you're just a pup" they sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up.  they gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills a jeep to drive, blood to spill.  they said, "congratulation, you got what it takes" they sent him back into the race without any brakes.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he bought the american dream but put it in doubt only game he could play was russian roulette.  he drank coca-cola, he was eating wonder bread he ate burger kings, he was well fed.  he went to hollywood to see peter o'toole he stole a rolls royce and drove in a pool.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar he could've been an accountant or a tennis star.  he was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day off the golden gate bridge into china bay.  his mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans they gotta sleep together in a home they don't own.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  everybody's asking why he didn't adjust all he wanted was somebody to trust.  they took his head and turned it inside out he never did know what it was all about.  he had a steady job, he joined the choir he never did plan to walk the high wire.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.ain't no more cane on the brazos oh, oh, oh, oh... its all been ground down to molasses oh, oh- oh, oh- oh...  you shoulda been on the river in 1910 they were driving the women just like they drove the men.  go down old hannah, don'cha rise no more don't you rise up til judgment day's for sure  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses  captain, don't you do me like you done poor old shine well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind  wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses.done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on and it seems like i've got to travel on  papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny can't come home, johnny can't come home papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny's been out on the road too long so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way going home to stay, going home to stay that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way and i feel like i just want to travel on so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on oh yes i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming through the town i'll be homeward bound, i'll be homeward bound there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming on through the town and i feel like i just want to travel on well i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on yes it is done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i almost travel ontake a silver dollar and put it in your pocket, never let it slip away. always be a man, not a boy gone astray. when ya get half cra-zy from the august heat or on a frozen, rotted road with no one to complain to about your achin' feet.  [chorus:] you're gonna walk that endless highway, walk that high-way till you die. all you children goin' my way, better tell your home-life sweet goodbye.  when i see a detour up ahead, well, i leave it far behind, who knows what you're apt to find there. with the cost of livin, and the price of dyin', well it look like t'me this time i wont be buyin'  [chorus]  when they get a scapegoat by the throat, it's hard labour and cold beans. if ya get away real quick, you'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine. well, i sing by night, wander by day. i'm on the road and it looks like i'm here to stay.  [chorus]ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.beyond the horizon, behind the sun at the end of the rainbow life has only begun in the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above beyond the horizon it is easy to love  my wretched heart's pounding i felt an angel's kiss my memories are drowning in mortal bliss  beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall love waits forever for one and for all  beyond the horizon across the divide 'round about midnight, we'll be on the same side down in the valley the water runs cold beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul  i'm touched with desire what don't i do? i'll throw the logs on the fire i'll build my world around you  beyond the horizon, at the end of the game every step that you take, i'm walking the same  beyond the horizon the night winds blow the theme of a melody from many moons ago the bells of st. mary, how sweetly they chime beyond the horizon i found you just in time  it's dark and it's dreary i ponder in vain i'm weakened, i'm weary my repentance is plain  beyond the horizon o'er the treacherous sea i still can't believe that you've set aside your love for me  beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies in the soft light of morning i'll follow you with my eyes through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone beyond the horizon right down to the bone  it's late in the season never knew, never cared whatever the reason someone's life has been spared  beyond the horizon the sky is so blue i've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' youyou must leave now, take what you need, you think will last but whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast yonder stands your orphan with his gun crying like a fire in the sun look out the saints are comin' through and it's all over now, baby blue  the highway is for gamblers, better use your sense take what you have gathered from coincidence the empty-handed painter from your streets is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets this sky, too, is folding under you and it's all over now, baby blue  all your seasick sailors, they are rowing home all your reindeer armies, are all going home the lover who just walked out your door has taken all his blankets from the floor the carpet, too, is moving under you and it's all over now, baby blue  leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you the vagabond who's rapping at your door is standing in the clothes that you once wore strike another match, go start anew and it's all over now, baby bluewell my heart's in the highlands, gentle and fair  honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air  bluebells blazing where the aberdeen waters flow  well my heart's in the highlands  i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go  windows were shaking all night in my dreams  everything was exactly the way that it seems  woke up this mornin' and i looked at the same old page/pain/paint?  same old rat race, life in the same old cage  i don't want nothin' from anyone, ain't that much to take  wouldn't know the difference between a real blond and a fake  feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery  i wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me  well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam  that's where i'll be when i get called home  the wind it whispers to the buckeye trees of rhyme  well my heart's in the highlands  i can only get there one step at a time  i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound  someone's always yellin' "turn it down"  feel like i'm driftin', driftin' from scene to scene  i'm wonderin' what in the devil could it all possibly mean  insanity is smashin' up against my soul  you could say i was on anything but a roll  if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top  what would i do with it anyway, maybe take it to the pawn shop  my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn  by the beautiful lake of the black swan  big white clouds like chariots that swing down low  well my heart's in the highlands only place left to go  i'm in boston town in some restaurant  i got no idea what i want  or maybe i do but i'm just really not sure  waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her  well it must be a holiday, there's nobody around  she studies me closely as i sit down  she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs  i said "tell me what i want"  she say "you probably want hard boiled eggs"  i said "that's right, bring me some"  she says "we ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come"  then she says "i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me"  i said "i would if i could but  i don't do sketches from memory"  well she's?? near she says "i'm right here in front of you or haven't  you looked"  i say "all right i know but i don't have my drawin' book"  she gives me a napkin, she say "you can do it on that"  i say "yes i could but i don't know where my pencil is at"  she pulls one out from behind her ear  she says "alright now go ahead draw me i'm stayin' right here"  i make a few lines and i show it for her to see  well she takes the napkin and throws it back and says  "that don't look a thing like me"  i said "oh kind miss, it most certainly does"  she say "you must be joking", i said "i wish i was"  she says "you don't read women authors do ya?"  at least that's what i think i hear her say  well i say "how would you know, and what would it matter anyway"  well she says "ya just don't seem like ya do", i said "you're way wrong"  she says "which ones have you read then?", i say "read erica jong"  she goes away for a minute, and i slide out, out of my chair  i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's goin' anywhere  well my heart's in the highlands with the horses and hounds  way up in the border country far from the towns  with the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow  my heart's in the highlands, can't see any other way to go  every day is the same thing, out the door  feel further away than ever before  some things in life it just gets too late to learn  well i'm lost somewhere, i must have made a few bad turns  i see people in the park, forgettin' their troubles and woes  they're drinkin' and dancin', wearin' bright colored clothes  all the young men with the young women lookin' so good  well i'd trade places with any of 'em, in a minute if i could  i'm crossin' the street to get away from a mangy dog  talkin' to myself in a monologue  i think what i need might be a full length leather coat  somebody just asked me if i'm registered to vote  the sun is beginnin' to shine on me  but it's not like the sun that used to be  the party's over and there's less and less to say  i got new eyes, everything looks far away  well my heart's in the highlands at the break of day  over the hills and far away  there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow  well i'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for nowwoke up this morning, feeling blue, seen a good-lookin' girl, can i make love with you? hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i went back home, put on my tie, gonna get that girl that money that money will buy. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  she looked at me, begin to smile, said, "hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?" no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  no, no, ma'ma, i can't wait, you got my money, now you're trying to break this date. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i tell you something, tell you the facts, you don't want me, give my money back. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin' now, for recreation, we went on a tramp, and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp and a little wee drummer intending to camp, for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  "good morning, good morning," the sergeant he cried. "and the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply, intending no harm but meant to pass by, for it bein' on christmas mornin' "but," says he, "my fine fellows, if you will enlist, ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist, and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust, and drink the king's health in the morning.  "for a soldier, he leads a very fine life, and he always is blessed with a charming young wife, and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife, and he always lives pleasant and charmin', and a soldier, he always is decent and clean, in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen. while other poor fellows go dirty and mean, and sup on thin gruel in the morning."  "but," says arthur, "i wouldn't be proud of your clothes, for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose, but you dare not change them one night, for you know if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning, and although that we're single and free, we take great delight in our own company, we have no desire strange places to see, although that your offers are charming.  "and we have no desire to take your advance, all hazards and dangers we barter on chance, for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france, where we would get shot without warning," "oh no," says the sergeant. "i'll have no such chat, and neither will i take it from snappy young brats, for if you insult me with one other word, i'll cut off your heads in the morning."  and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs, and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades when a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning. and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides, we flung them as far as we could in the tide, "now take them up, devils!" cried arthur mcbride, "and temper their edge in the mornin'!"  and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow, and we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow, threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll, and bade it a tedious returning, and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks. we paid no respect to their two bloody backs, and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.  and so, to conclude and to finish disputes, we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits, for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin'alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.  alberta, what's on your mind, alberta, what's on your mind ? you keep me worried and bothered all of the time alberta, what's on your mind ?  alberta, don't you treat me unkind, alberta, don't you treat me unkind ? oh my heart is sad because i want you so bad alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?  alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low  i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.in the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand and an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand i'm a long way from home and i miss my loved one so in the early morning rain with nowhere to go.  cut on runway number nine, big 707 set to go i'm stuck here on the ground, where the cold winds blow the liquor tasted good and the women all were fast there she goes, my friend, she's rolling down at last.  hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high she's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines she'll be flying over my home in about three hours time.  this old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me because i'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunks as i might be you can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train so i'd best be on my way in the early morning rain.well, i'm stranded in the city that never sleeps some of these women they just give me the creeps i'm avoidin' the southside the best i can these memories i got, they can strangle a man  well i came ashore in the dead of the night lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm not sorry for nothin' i've done i'm glad i fought - i only wish we'd won the siamese twins are comin' to town people can't wait - they're gathered around  when i left my home the sky split open wide i never wanted to go back there - i'd rather have died you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  my woman got a face like a teddy bear she's tossin' a baseball bat in the air the meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword i'm crashin' my car, trunk first into the boards  you say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice well, i'll sell it to ya at a reduced price you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me, if only you knew  some things are too terrible to be true i won't come here no more if it bothers you the southern pacific leaving at nine forty-five i'm having a hard time believin' some people were ever alive  i'm stark naked, but i don't care i'm going off into the woods, i'm huntin' bare you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm here to create the new imperial empire i'm going to do whatever circumstances require i care so much for you - didn't think that i could i can't tell my heart that you're no good  well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knewblue moon, you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.  blue moon, you knew just what i was there for you heard me saying a prayet for someone i really could care for.  and suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold i heard someone whisper, "please, adore me" and when i looked my moon had turned to gold.  blue moon, now i'm no longer alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own without a love of my own.well my heart's in the highlands, gentle and fair  honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air  bluebells blazing where the aberdeen waters flow  well my heart's in the highlands  i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go  windows were shaking all night in my dreams  everything was exactly the way that it seems  woke up this mornin' and i looked at the same old page/pain/paint?  same old rat race, life in the same old cage  i don't want nothin' from anyone, ain't that much to take  wouldn't know the difference between a real blond and a fake  feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery  i wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me  well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam  that's where i'll be when i get called home  the wind it whispers to the buckeye trees of rhyme  well my heart's in the highlands  i can only get there one step at a time  i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound  someone's always yellin' "turn it down"  feel like i'm driftin', driftin' from scene to scene  i'm wonderin' what in the devil could it all possibly mean  insanity is smashin' up against my soul  you could say i was on anything but a roll  if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top  what would i do with it anyway, maybe take it to the pawn shop  my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn  by the beautiful lake of the black swan  big white clouds like chariots that swing down low  well my heart's in the highlands only place left to go  i'm in boston town in some restaurant  i got no idea what i want  or maybe i do but i'm just really not sure  waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her  well it must be a holiday, there's nobody around  she studies me closely as i sit down  she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs  i said "tell me what i want"  she say "you probably want hard boiled eggs"  i said "that's right, bring me some"  she says "we ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come"  then she says "i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me"  i said "i would if i could but  i don't do sketches from memory"  well she's?? near she says "i'm right here in front of you or haven't  you looked"  i say "all right i know but i don't have my drawin' book"  she gives me a napkin, she say "you can do it on that"  i say "yes i could but i don't know where my pencil is at"  she pulls one out from behind her ear  she says "alright now go ahead draw me i'm stayin' right here"  i make a few lines and i show it for her to see  well she takes the napkin and throws it back and says  "that don't look a thing like me"  i said "oh kind miss, it most certainly does"  she say "you must be joking", i said "i wish i was"  she says "you don't read women authors do ya?"  at least that's what i think i hear her say  well i say "how would you know, and what would it matter anyway"  well she says "ya just don't seem like ya do", i said "you're way wrong"  she says "which ones have you read then?", i say "read erica jong"  she goes away for a minute, and i slide out, out of my chair  i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's goin' anywhere  well my heart's in the highlands with the horses and hounds  way up in the border country far from the towns  with the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow  my heart's in the highlands, can't see any other way to go  every day is the same thing, out the door  feel further away than ever before  some things in life it just gets too late to learn  well i'm lost somewhere, i must have made a few bad turns  i see people in the park, forgettin' their troubles and woes  they're drinkin' and dancin', wearin' bright colored clothes  all the young men with the young women lookin' so good  well i'd trade places with any of 'em, in a minute if i could  i'm crossin' the street to get away from a mangy dog  talkin' to myself in a monologue  i think what i need might be a full length leather coat  somebody just asked me if i'm registered to vote  the sun is beginnin' to shine on me  but it's not like the sun that used to be  the party's over and there's less and less to say  i got new eyes, everything looks far away  well my heart's in the highlands at the break of day  over the hills and far away  there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow  well i'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for nowall the early roman kings in their sharkskin suits bow ties and buttons high top boots drivin' the spikes in blazin' the rails nailed in their coffins in top hats and tails  fly away, little bird fly away, flap your wings fly by night like the early roman kings  all the early roman kings in the early, early morn coming down the mountain distributing the corn speeding through the forest racing down the track you try to get away they drag you back  tomorrow is friday we'll see what it brings everybody's talking 'bout the early roman kings  they're peddlers and they're meddlers they buy and they sell they destroyed your city they'll destroy you as well they're lecherous and treacherous hell-bent for leather each of 'em bigger than all men put together  sluggers and muggers wearing fancy gold rings all the women goin' crazy for the early roman kings  i can dress up your wounds with a blood-clotted rag i ain't afraid to make love to a bitch or a hag if you see me comin' and you're standing there wave your handkerchief in the air  i ain't dead yet my bell still rings i keep my fingers crossed like them early roman kings  i can strip you of life strip you of breath ship you down to the house of death one day you will ask for me there'll be no one else that you'll wanna see  bring down my fiddle tune up my strings i'm gonna break it wide open like the early roman kings  i was up on black mountain the day detroit fell they killed 'em all off and they sent 'em to hell ding dong daddy you're coming up short gonna put you on trial in a sicilian court  i've had my fun i've had my flings gonna shake 'em all down like the early roman kingsin the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandin the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandas i went out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine's, i spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains. i offer'd her my hand, she took me by the arm. i knew that very instant, she meant to do me harm.  "depart from me this moment," i told her with my voice. said she, "but i don't wish to," said i, "but you have no choice." "i beg you, sir," she pleaded from the corners of her mouth, "i will secretly accept you and together we'll fly south."  just then tom paine, himself, came running from across the field, shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield. and as she was letting go her grip, up tom paine did run, "i'm sorry, sir," he said to me, "i'm sorry for what she's done."close your eyes, close your door you don't have to worry any more i'll be your baby tonight.  shut the light, shut the shade you don't have to be afraid i'll be your baby tonight.  well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away we're gonna forget it that big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon but we're gonna let it you won't regret it.  kick your shoes off, do not fear bring that bottle over here i'll be your baby tonight.it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe it don't matter, anyhow an' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe if you don't know by now when your rooster crows at the break of dawn look out your window and i'll be gone you're the reason i'm trav'lin' on don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe that light i never knowed an' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe i'm on the dark side of the road still i wish there was somethin' you would do or say to try and make me change my mind and stay we never did too much talkin' anyway so don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal like you never did before it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal i can't hear you any more i'm a-thinkin' and a-wond'rin' all the way down the road i once loved a woman, a child i'm told i give her my heart but she wanted my soul but don't think twice, it's all right  i'm walkin' down that long, lonesome road, babe where i'm bound, i can't tell but goodbye's too good a word, gal so i'll just say fare thee well i ain't sayin' you treated me unkind you could have done better but i don't mind you just kinda wasted my precious time but don't think twice, it's all righti can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" bye and bye,  i’m breathin’ a lover’s sigh i’m sittin’ on my watch so i can be on time i’m singin’ love’s praises with sugar-coated rhyme bye and bye,  on you i’m casting my eye  i’m paintin’ the town  swinging my partner around i know who i can depend on,  i know who to trust i’m watchin’ the roads, i’m studying the dust i’m paintin’ the town  making my last go-round  well, i’m scufflin’ and i’m shufflin’ and i’m  walkin’ on briars i’m not even acquainted with my  own desires  i’m rollin’ slow i’m doing all i know i’m tellin’ myself  i found true happiness that i’ve still got a dream that hasn’t been repossessed i’m rollin’ slow, goin’ where the wild roses grow  well the future  for me is already a thing of the past you were my first love  and you will be my last  papa gone mad, mamma, she’s feeling sad i’m gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more i’m gonna establish my rule through civil war gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can bei am a lonesome hobo without family or friends, where another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends. i have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail and deceit, and i've served time for ev'rything 'cept beggin' on the street.  well, once i was rather prosperous, there was nothing i did lack. i had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back. but i did not trust my brother, i carried him to blame, which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame.  kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon i will be gone, but let me just warn you all, before i do pass on; stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code, and hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road.hazel, dirty-blonde hair i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere. you got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.  hazel, stardust in your eye you're goin' somewhere and so am i. i'd give you the sky high above ooh, for a little touch of your love.  oh no, i don't need any reminder to know how much i really care but it's just making me blinder and blinder because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  hazel, you called and i came, now don't make me play this waiting game. you've got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.frankie was a good girl everybody knows paid one hundred dollars for albert's new suit of clothes he was her man but he done her wrong.  albert said "i'm leaving you" won't be gone for long don't wait up for me a-worry about me when i'm gone he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to the corner saloon get a bucket of beer said to the bartender "has my lovin' man been her ?" he was her man but he done her wrong.  "well, i ain't gonna tell you no stories i ain't gonna tell you no lies i saw albert an hour ago with a gal named alice bly" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to 12th street lookin' up through the window high she saw her albert there lovin' up alice bly he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie pulled out a pistol pulled out a forty-four gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot and albert fell on the floor he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie got down upon her knees took albert into her lap started to hug and kiss him but there was no bringin' him back he was her man but he done her wrong.  "gimme a thousand policemen throw me into a cell i shot my albert dead and now i'm goin' to hell" he was my man but he done me wrong.  judge said to the jury "plain as a thing can be a woman shot her lover down murder in the second degree" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went to the scaffold calm as a girl could be turned her eyes up toward the heavens said "nearer, my god, to thee" he was her man but he done her wrong.down over the window from the dazzling sunlit rays through the back alleys, through the blinds another one of them endless days  honey bees are buzzing leaves begin to stir i'm in love with my second cousin i tell myself i could be happy forever with her  i keep listening for footsteps but i ain't never hearing any from the boat, i fish for bullheads i catch a lot, sometimes too many  a summer breeze is blowin' a squall is setting in sometimes it's just plain stupid to get into any kind of wind  well the old men 'round here sometimes they get on bad terms with the younger men, old, young, age don't carry weight it doesn't matter in the end  one of the boss' hangers-on sometimes comes to call at times you least expect tryin' to bully you, strongarm you, inspire you with fear it has the opposite effect  there's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town the old one is long gone 10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across burns with the bark still on  they say times are hard if you don't believe it you can follow your nose it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere we'll just have to see how it goes  my old man, he's like some feudal lord he's got more lives than a cat i've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once things come alive or they fall flat  you can smell the pine wood burnin' you can hear the school bell ring got to get up near the teacher, if you can if you wanna learn anything  romeo, he said to juliet, you got a poor complexion it don't give you an appearance or a youthful touch juliet said back to romeo, why don't you just shove off, if it bothers you so much  they got outta here any way they could cold rain can give you the shivers they went down the ohio, the cumberland, the tennessee, all the rest of them rebel rivers  if you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again, you do so at the peril of your life i'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as i sound i've seen enough heartache and strife  my grandfather was a duck trapper, he could do it with just dragnets and ropes (?) my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth, i don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.  i had 'em once, though i suppose to go along with all the ring dancing, christmas carols and all the christmas eves i left all my dreams and hopes buried under tobacco leaves  not always easy kicking someone up got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task sometimes somebody wants you to give something up and tears or not, it's too much to ask.oh it's fare thee well my darlin' true, i'm leavin' in the first hour of the morn. i'm bound off for the bay of mexico or maybe the coast of californ. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard and the rain she's a-turnin' into hail. i still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west, though i'm travelin' on a path beaten trail. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will write you a letter from time to time, as i'm ramblin' you can travel with me too. with my head, my heart and my hands, my love, i will send what i learn back home to you. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will tell you of the laughter and of troubles, be them somebody else's or my own. with my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high, i will travel unnoticed and unknown. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i've heard tell of a town where i might as well be bound, it's down around the old mexican plains. they say that the people are all friendly there and all they ask of you is your name. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.there is a house down in new orleans they call the rising sun and it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.  my mother was a tailor she sowed these new blue jeans my sweetheart was a gambler, lord down in new orleans.  now the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk and the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.  he fills his glasses up to the brim and he'll pass the cards around and the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town.  oh tell my baby sister not to do what i have done but shun that house in new orleans they call the rising sun.  well it's one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train i'm going back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain.  i'm going back to new orleans my race is almost run i'm going back to end my life down in the rising sun.  there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  vixen, blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins bells are ringing children singing all is merry and bright hang your stockings and say your prayers 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he's got a bag that's filled with toys for boys and girls again hear those sleigh bells jingle jangle what a beautiful sight jump in bed cover up your head 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he doesn't care if you're rich or poor he loves you just the same santa knows that we're god's children that makes everything right fill your hearts with christmas cheer 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he'll come around when the church rings out it's christmas morn again peace on earth will come to all if we just follow the light let's give thanks to the lord above 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonighti sang the song slowly as she stood in the shadows she stepped to the light as my silver strings spun she called with her eyes to the tune i's a-playin' but the song it was long and i'd only begun  through a bullet of light her face was reflectin' the fast fading words that rolled from my tongue with a long-distance look her eyes was on fire but the song it was long and there was more to be sung.  my eyes danced a circle across her clear outline with her head tilted sideways she called me again as the tune drifted out she breathed hard through the echo but the song it was long and it was far to the end  i glanced at my guitar and played it pretendin' that of all the eyes out there i could see none as her thoughts pounded hard like the pierce of an arrow but the song it was long and it had to get done  as the tune finally folded i laid down the guitar then looked for the girl who'd stayed for so long but her shadow was missin' for all of my searchin' so i picked up my guitar and began the next songwell my heart's in the highlands, gentle and fair  honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air  bluebells blazing where the aberdeen waters flow  well my heart's in the highlands  i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go  windows were shaking all night in my dreams  everything was exactly the way that it seems  woke up this mornin' and i looked at the same old page/pain/paint?  same old rat race, life in the same old cage  i don't want nothin' from anyone, ain't that much to take  wouldn't know the difference between a real blond and a fake  feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery  i wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me  well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam  that's where i'll be when i get called home  the wind it whispers to the buckeye trees of rhyme  well my heart's in the highlands  i can only get there one step at a time  i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound  someone's always yellin' "turn it down"  feel like i'm driftin', driftin' from scene to scene  i'm wonderin' what in the devil could it all possibly mean  insanity is smashin' up against my soul  you could say i was on anything but a roll  if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top  what would i do with it anyway, maybe take it to the pawn shop  my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn  by the beautiful lake of the black swan  big white clouds like chariots that swing down low  well my heart's in the highlands only place left to go  i'm in boston town in some restaurant  i got no idea what i want  or maybe i do but i'm just really not sure  waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her  well it must be a holiday, there's nobody around  she studies me closely as i sit down  she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs  i said "tell me what i want"  she say "you probably want hard boiled eggs"  i said "that's right, bring me some"  she says "we ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come"  then she says "i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me"  i said "i would if i could but  i don't do sketches from memory"  well she's?? near she says "i'm right here in front of you or haven't  you looked"  i say "all right i know but i don't have my drawin' book"  she gives me a napkin, she say "you can do it on that"  i say "yes i could but i don't know where my pencil is at"  she pulls one out from behind her ear  she says "alright now go ahead draw me i'm stayin' right here"  i make a few lines and i show it for her to see  well she takes the napkin and throws it back and says  "that don't look a thing like me"  i said "oh kind miss, it most certainly does"  she say "you must be joking", i said "i wish i was"  she says "you don't read women authors do ya?"  at least that's what i think i hear her say  well i say "how would you know, and what would it matter anyway"  well she says "ya just don't seem like ya do", i said "you're way wrong"  she says "which ones have you read then?", i say "read erica jong"  she goes away for a minute, and i slide out, out of my chair  i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's goin' anywhere  well my heart's in the highlands with the horses and hounds  way up in the border country far from the towns  with the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow  my heart's in the highlands, can't see any other way to go  every day is the same thing, out the door  feel further away than ever before  some things in life it just gets too late to learn  well i'm lost somewhere, i must have made a few bad turns  i see people in the park, forgettin' their troubles and woes  they're drinkin' and dancin', wearin' bright colored clothes  all the young men with the young women lookin' so good  well i'd trade places with any of 'em, in a minute if i could  i'm crossin' the street to get away from a mangy dog  talkin' to myself in a monologue  i think what i need might be a full length leather coat  somebody just asked me if i'm registered to vote  the sun is beginnin' to shine on me  but it's not like the sun that used to be  the party's over and there's less and less to say  i got new eyes, everything looks far away  well my heart's in the highlands at the break of day  over the hills and far away  there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow  well i'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for nowhollis brown he lived on the outside of town hollis brown he lived on the outside of town with his wife and five children and his cabin brokin' down.  you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile.  your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe.  the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare if there's anyone that knows is there anyone that cares ?  you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend your empty pocket tell you that you ain't a-got no friend.  your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your wife's screams are stabbin' you like the dirty drivin' rain.  your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your spent your last lone dollar on seven shotgun shels.  way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls your eyes fix on the shortgun that's hangin' on the wall.  your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your eyes fix on the shortgun that you're holdin' in your hand.  there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar.  there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm somewhere in the distance there's seven new people born."there must be some way out of here," said the joker to the thief, "there's too much confusion, i can't get no relief. businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth, none of them along the line know what any of it is worth."  "no reason to get excited," the thief, he kindly spoke, "there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. but you and i, we've been through that, and this is not our fate, so let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late."  all along the watchtower, princes kept the view while all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too.  outside in the distance a wildcat did growl, two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.well, your railroad gate, you know i just can't jump it sometimes it gets so hard, you see i'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet with all these promises you left for me but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well, i waited for you when i was half sick yes, i waited for you when you hated me well, i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic when you knew i had some other place to be now where are you tonight, sweet marie ?   well, anybody can be just like me, obviously but then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.  well, six white horses that you did promise were fin'ly delivered down to the penitentiary but to live outside the law, you must be honest i know you always say that you agree but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well i don't know how it happened but the river-boat captain he knows my fate but ev'rybody else, even yourself they're just gonna have to wait.  well, i got the fever down in my pockets the persian drunkard, he follows me yes, i can take him to your house but i can't unlock it you see, you forgot to leave me with the key oh, where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  now, i been in jail when all my mail showed that a man can't give his address out to bad company and now i stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad in the ruins of your balcony wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet marie ?oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin' now, for recreation, we went on a tramp, and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp and a little wee drummer intending to camp, for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  "good morning, good morning," the sergeant he cried. "and the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply, intending no harm but meant to pass by, for it bein' on christmas mornin' "but," says he, "my fine fellows, if you will enlist, ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist, and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust, and drink the king's health in the morning.  "for a soldier, he leads a very fine life, and he always is blessed with a charming young wife, and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife, and he always lives pleasant and charmin', and a soldier, he always is decent and clean, in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen. while other poor fellows go dirty and mean, and sup on thin gruel in the morning."  "but," says arthur, "i wouldn't be proud of your clothes, for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose, but you dare not change them one night, for you know if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning, and although that we're single and free, we take great delight in our own company, we have no desire strange places to see, although that your offers are charming.  "and we have no desire to take your advance, all hazards and dangers we barter on chance, for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france, where we would get shot without warning," "oh no," says the sergeant. "i'll have no such chat, and neither will i take it from snappy young brats, for if you insult me with one other word, i'll cut off your heads in the morning."  and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs, and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades when a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning. and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides, we flung them as far as we could in the tide, "now take them up, devils!" cried arthur mcbride, "and temper their edge in the mornin'!"  and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow, and we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow, threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll, and bade it a tedious returning, and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks. we paid no respect to their two bloody backs, and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.  and so, to conclude and to finish disputes, we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits, for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin'pistol shots ring out in the barroom night enter patty valentine from the upper hall. she sees the bartender in a pool of blood,  cries out, "my god, they killed them all!" here comes the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  three bodies lyin' there does patty see and another man named bello, movin' around mysteriously. "i didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands "i was only robbin' the register, i hope you understand. i saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops "one of us had better call up the cops." and so patty calls the cops and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin' in the hot new jersey night.  meanwhile, far away in another part of town rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around. number one contender for the middleweight crown had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road just like the time before and the time before that. in paterson that's just the way things go. if you're black you might as well not show up on the street 'less you want to draw the heat.  alfred bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops. him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin' around he said, "i saw two men runnin' out, they looked like middleweights they jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates." and miss patty valentine just nodded her head. cop said, "wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead" so they took him to the infirmary and though this man could hardly see they told him that he could identify the guilty men.  four in the mornin' and they haul rubin in,  take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs. the wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye says, "wha'd you bring him in here for? he ain't the guy!" yes, here's the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  four months later, the ghettos are in flame,  rubin's in south america, fightin' for his name while arthur dexter bradley's still in the robbery game and the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.  "remember that murder that happened in a bar?" "remember you said you saw the getaway car?" "you think you'd like to play ball with the law?" "think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?" "don't forget that you are white."  arthur dexter bradley said, "i'm really not sure." cops said, "a poor boy like you could use a break we got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend bello now you don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow. you'll be doin' society a favor. that sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver. we want to put his ass in stir we want to pin this triple murder on him he ain't no gentleman jim."  rubin could take a man out with just one punch but he never did like to talk about it all that much. it's my work, he'd say, and i do it for pay and when it's over i'd just as soon go on my way up to some paradise where the trout streams flow and the air is nice and ride a horse along a trail. but then they took him to the jailhouse where they trialed a man into a mouse.  all of rubin's cards were marked in advance the trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance. the judge made rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums to the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum and to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger. no one doubted that he pulled the trigger.  and though they could not produce the gun,  the d.a. said he was the one who did the deed and the all-white jury agreed.  rubin carter was falsely tried. the crime was murder "one," guess who testified? bello and bradley and they both baldly lied and the newspapers, they all went along for the ride. how can the life of such a man be in the palm of some fool's hand? to see him obviously framed couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land where justice is a game.  now all the criminals in their coats and their ties are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise while rubin sits like buddha in a ten-foot cell an innocent man in a living hell. that's the story of the hurricane,  but it won't be over till they clear his name and give him back the time he's done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.every time my baby and me we go up town police come and they knock me down cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick.  this old cocaine is 'bout to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain. yonder comes by baby, she's dressed in red she's got a shot-gun, says she's gonna kill me dead.  cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, better come here quick this old cocaine 'bout to make me sick cocaine all around my brain. early one morning, half past four  cocaine came knockin' on my door. cocaine all around my brain hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine is making me sick.  cocaine all around my brain. cocaine's for horses and it's not for men doctor said it kill you, but he don't say when. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.come baby, find me, come baby, remind me of where i once begun come baby, show me, show me you know me, tell me you're the one i could be learning, you could be yearning to see behind the closed door but i will always be emotionally yours.  come baby, rock me, come baby, locl me into the shadows of your heart come baby, teach me, come baby, reach me, let the music start i could be dreaming but i keep believing you're the one i'm living for and i will always be emotionally yours.  it's like my whole life never happened when i see you, it's if i never had a thought i know this dream, it might be crazy but it's the only one i got. okay.  come baby, shake me, come baby, take me, i would be satisfied come baby, hold me, come baby, help me, my arms are open wide i could be unraveling wherever i'm traveling, even to foreign shores but i will always be emotionally yours.you will search, babe, at any cost, but how long, babe, can you search for what's not lost ? everybody will help you, some people are very kind. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  i can't help it if you might think i am odd if i say i'm not loving you for what you are but for what you're not. everybody will help you, discover what you set out to find but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  the train leaves at half past ten but it'll be back tomorrow same time again. the conductor, he's weary, still stuck on the line. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.don't wanna judge nobody, don't wanna be judged, don't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched. don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt, don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot, don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought. don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried, don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned, don't wanna learn from nobody what i gotta unlearn. don't wanna cheat nobody, don't wanna be cheated, don't wanna defeat nobody if they already been defeated.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna wink at nobody, don't wanna be winked at, don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat. don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused, don't wanna amuse nobody, don't wanna be amused.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed, don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid. don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed, don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others  like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.they ask me how i feel and if my love is real and how i know i'll make it through and they, they look at me and frown they'd like to drive me from this town they don't want me around 'cause i believe in you.  they show me to the door they say don't come back no more 'cause i don't be like they'd like me to and i, i walk out on my own a thousand miles from home but i don't feel alone 'cause i believe in you.  i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter i believe in you even though we be apart i believe in you even on the morning after oh, when the dawn is nearing oh, when the night is disappearing oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  don't let me drift too far keep me where you are where i will always be renewed and that which you've given me today is worth more than i could pay and no matter what they say i believe in you.  i believe in you when winter turn to summer i believe in you when white turn to black i believe in you even though i be outnumbered oh, though the earth may shake me oh, though my friends forsake me oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  don't let me change my heart keep me set apart from all the plans they do pursue and i, i don't mind the pain don't mind the driving rain i know i will sustain 'cause i believe in you.i'm going down to rose marie's she never does me wrong. she puts it to me plain as day and gives it to me for a song.  it's a wicked life but what the hell the stars ain't falling down. i'm standing outside the taj mahal i don't see no one around.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see fat gut goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, whenever i get up and i ain't got what i see i just make it down to rose marie's 'bout a quarter after three.  there are worse ways of getting there and i ain't complainin' none. if the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop i'm bound to meet the sun.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, if someone offers me a joke i just say no thanks. i try to tell it like it is and keep away from pranks.  well, sometime you know when the well breaks down i just go pump on it some. rose marie, she likes to go to big places and just set there waitin' for me to come.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.i'm old tom moore from the bummer's shore in that good old golden days they call me a bummer and a gin shot too, but what cares i for praise ? i wander around from town to town just like a roving sign and all the people say, "there goes tom moore, in the days of '49" in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  my comrades they all loved me well, a jolly saucy crew a few hard cases i will recall though they all were brave and true whatever the pitch they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine like good old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was new york jake, the butcher boy, he was always getting tight and every time that he'd get full he was spoiling for a fight but jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old bob stein and over jake they held a wake in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was poker bill, one of the boys who was always in a game whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same he would ante up and draw his cards and he would you go a hatful blind in the game with death bill lost his breath, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was ragshag bill from buffalo, i never will forget he would roar all day and he'd roar all night and i guess he's roaring yet one day he fell in a prospect hole, in a roaring bad design and in that hole he roared out his soul, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  of the comrades all that i've had, there's none that's left to boast and i'm left alone in my misery like some poor wandering ghost and i pass by from town to town, they call me a rambling sign "there goes tom moore, a bummer shore in the days of '49 " in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.i'm going down to rose marie's she never does me wrong. she puts it to me plain as day and gives it to me for a song.  it's a wicked life but what the hell the stars ain't falling down. i'm standing outside the taj mahal i don't see no one around.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see fat gut goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, whenever i get up and i ain't got what i see i just make it down to rose marie's 'bout a quarter after three.  there are worse ways of getting there and i ain't complainin' none. if the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop i'm bound to meet the sun.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, if someone offers me a joke i just say no thanks. i try to tell it like it is and keep away from pranks.  well, sometime you know when the well breaks down i just go pump on it some. rose marie, she likes to go to big places and just set there waitin' for me to come.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.well, it's always been my nature to take chances my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances where the current is strong and the monkey dances to the tune of a concertina  blood dryin' in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore i know what it is that has drawn me to your door but whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed and the head of a hyena  do i need your permission to turn the other cheek? if you can read my mind, why must i speak? no, i have heard nothing about the man that you seek angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road with your subpoena  when you cease to exist, then who will you blame? i've tried my best to love you, but i cannot play this game your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  there's a black mercedes rollin' through the combat zone your servants are half deadby bob dylan    well, your clock is gonna stop  at saint peter's gate.  ya gonna ask him what time it is,  he's gonna say, "it's too late."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna start to sweat  and you ain't gonna stop.  you're gonna have a nightmare  and never wake up.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna cry for pills  and your head's gonna be in a knot,  but the pills are gonna cost more  than what you've got.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna have to walk naked,  can't ride in no car.  you're gonna let ev'rybody see  just what you are.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    well, the good wine's a-flowin'  for five cents a quart.  you're gonna look in your moneybags  and find you're one cent short.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna yell and scream,  "don't anybody care?"  you're gonna hear out a voice say,  "shoulda listened when you heard the word down there."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.i woke up this mornin', there were tears in my bed. they killed a man i really loved shot him through the head. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sent him off to prison for a seventy-dollar robbery. closed the door behind him and they threw away the key. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  he wouldn't take shit from no one he wouldn't bow down or kneel. authorities, they hated him because he was just too real. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  prison guards, they cursed him as they watched him from above but they were frightened of his power they were scared of his love. lord, lord, so they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sometimes i think this whole world is one big prison yard. some of us are prisoners the rest of us are guards. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.if not for you, babe, i couldn't find the door, couldn't even see the floor, i'd be sad and blue, if not for you.  if not for you, babe, i'd lay awake all night, wait for the mornin' light to shine in through, but it would not be new, if not for you.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, i'd be lost if not for you, and you know it's true.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, oh! what would i do if not for you.  if not for you, winter would have no spring, couldn't hear the robin sing, i just wouldn't have a clue, anyway it wouldn't ring true, if not for you.in the lonely night in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light you're comin' through to me in black and white when we were made of dreams.  you're blowing down the shaky street, you're hearing my heart beat in the record breaking heat where we were born in time.  not one more night, not one more kiss, not this time baby, no more of this, takes too much skill, takes too much will, it's revealing. you came, you saw, just like the law you married young, just like your ma, you tried and tried, you made me slide you left me reelin' with this feelin'.  on the rising curve where the ways of nature will test every nerve, you won't get anything you don't deserve where we were born in time.  bridge #2: you pressed me once, you pressed me twice, you hang the flame, you'll pay the price, oh babe, that fire is still smokin'. you were snow, you were rain you were striped, you were plain, oh babe, truer words have not been spoken or broken.  in the hills of mystery, in the foggy web of destiny, you can have what's left of me, where we were born in time.i ain't lookin' to compete with you, beat or cheat or mistreat you, simplify you, classify you, deny, defy or crucify you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  no, and i ain't lookin' to fight with you, frighten you or uptighten you, drag you down or drain you down, chain you down or bring you down. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i ain't lookin' to block you up shock or knock or lock you up, analyze you, categorize you, finalize you or advertise you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to straight-face you, race or chase you, track or trace you, or disgrace you or displace you, or define you or confine you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to meet your kin, make you spin or do you in, or select you or dissect you, or inspect you or reject you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to fake you out, take or shake or forsake you out, i ain't lookin' for you to feel like me, see like me or be like me. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.well, the rainman comes with his magic wand and the judge says, "mona can't have no bond." and the walls collide, mona cries, and the rain man leaves in the wolf man's disguise.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, the undertaker in his midnight suit says to the masked man, "ain't you cute!" well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf and he says, "you ain't so bad yourself."  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, jumpin' judy can't go no higher. she had bullets in her eyes, and they fire. rasputin he's so dignified, he touched the back of her head an' he died.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, phaedra with her looking glass, stretchin' out upon the grass. she gets all messed up and she faints that's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.now an' then, there's a fool such as i pardon me if i'm sentimental, when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone i will dream a little dream as years go by now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, but i love you dear, yes i will, until the day i die now an' then there's a fool such as i  pardon me, pardon me if i'm sentimental when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone, when you're gone i will dream a little, i will dream as years go by now an' then, now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, yes but i love you dear i will love you dear, until the day, until the day i die now an' then, now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool such as iby bob dylan    you know, there's two ol' maids layin' in the bed,  one picked herself up an' the other one, she said&#58;  "get your rocks off!  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, there late one night up on blueberry hill,  one man turned to the other man and said, with a blood-curdlin' chill, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was layin' down around mink muscle creek,  one man said to the other man, he began to speak, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was cruisin' down the highway in a greyhound bus.  all kinds-a children in the side road, they was hollerin' at us, sayin'&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me!"by bob dylan    i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  some fat momma  kissed my mouth one time.    well, i needed it this morning  without a shadow of doubt.  my suitcase is packed,  my clothes are hangin' out.    san francisco's fine,  you sure get lots of sun.  san francisco is fine.  you sure get lots of sun.  but i'm used to four seasons,  california's got but one.    well, i got my dark sunglasses,  i got for good luck my black tooth.  i got my dark sunglasses,  and for good luck i got my black tooth.  don't ask me nothin' about nothin',  i just might tell you the truth.buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?bessie was more than just a friend of mine we shared the good times with the bad now many a year has passed me by i still recall the best thing i ever had  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now all the crazy things i had to try well i tried them all and then some but if you're lucky one day you find out where it is you're really comin' from  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now in my day i've made some foolish moves but back then, i didn't worry 'bout a thing and now again i still wonder to myself was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  there's so much time has gone right on by i didn't think one could be so wrong and then one night i was drinkin' and a-thinkin' in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie's face so strong  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  when she sees me will she know what i've been through? will old times start to feelin' like new? when i get there will our love still feel so true? yet all i have, i'll be a-bringin' it to you oh bessie, sing them old-time bluesare you ready, are you ready? are you ready, are you ready?  are you ready to meet jesus? are you where you ought to be? will he know you when he sees you or will he say, "depart from me"?  are you ready, hope you're ready am i ready, am i ready? am i ready, am i ready?  am i ready to lay down my life for the brethren and to take up my cross? have i surrendered to the will of god or am i still like the boss?  am i ready, hope i'm ready. when the destruction cometh swiftly and there's no time to say a fare-thee-well have you decided whether you want to be in heaven or in hell?  are you ready, are you ready? have you got some unfinished business? is there something holding you back? are you thinking for yourself or are you following the pack?  are you ready, hope you're ready are you ready?  are you ready for the judgment? are you ready for that terrible swift sword? are you ready for armageddon? are you ready for the day of the lord?  are you ready, i hope you're ready?one evening for pleasure i rambled to view the fair fields all alone down by the banks of loch eiron where beauty and pleasure were known.  i spied a fair maid at her labour which caused me to stay for a while and i thought of a goddess to beauty bloomin' bright star of bright isle.  i humbled myself to her beauty "fair maiden, where do you belong ? are you from heaven descended abiding in cupid's fair throne ?".  "young man, i will tell you a secret it's true i'm a maid that is poor and to part from my vows and my promise is more than my heart can endure.  therefore i remain at my service and go through all my hardship and toil and wait for the lad that has left me all alone on the banks of belle isle".  "young maiden i wish not to banter it's true i come here in disguise i came here to fulfill our last promise and hope to give you a surprise.  i've known you're a maid i love dearly and you've been in my heart all the while for me there is no other damsel than my bloomin' bright star of belle isle".by bob dylan    i was sittin' on a stump  down in new orleans,  i was feelin' kinda low down,  dirty and mean.  along came a fella  and he didn't even ask.  he says, "i know of a woman  that can fix you up fast."  i didn't think twice,  i said like i should,  "let's go find this lady  that can do me some good."  we walked across the river  on a sailin' spree  and we came to a door  called one-oh-three.    i was just about ready  to give it a little knock  when out comes a fella  who couldn't even walk.  he's linkin' and a-slinkin',  couldn't stand on his feet,  and he moaned and he groaned  and he shuffled down the street.  well, out of the door  there comes another man.  he wiggled and he wobbled,  he couldn't hardly stand.  he had this frightened  look in his eyes,  like he just fought a bear,  he was ready to die.    well, i peeked through the key crack,  comin' down the hall  was a long-legged man  who couldn't hardly crawl.  he muttered and he uttered  in broken french,  and he looked like he'd been through  a monkey wrench.    well, by this time  i was a-scared to knock,  i was a-scared to move,  i's in a state of shock.  i hummed a little tune  and i shuffled my feet  and i started walkin' backwards  down that broad street.  well, i got to the corner,  i tried my best to smile.  i turned around the corner  and i ran a bloody mile.  man, i wasn't runnin'  'cause i was sick,  i was just a-runnin'  to get out of there quick.    well, i tripped right along  and i'm a-wheezin' in my chest.  i musta run a mile  in a minute or less.  i walked on a log  and i tripped on a stump,  i caught a fast freight  with a one-arm jump.  so, if you're travelin' down  louisiana way,  and you feel kinda lonesome  and you need a place to stay,  man, you're better off  in your misery  than to tackle that lady  at one-oh-three.i've seen love go by my door it's never been this close before never been so easy or so slow. been shooting in the dark too long when somethin's not right it's wrong yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  dragon clouds so high above i've only known careless love, it's always hit me from below. this time around it's more correct right on target, so direct, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  purple clover, queen anne lace, crimson hair across your face, you could make me cry if you don't know. can't remember what i was thinkin' of you might be spoilin' me too much, love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  flowers on the hillside, bloomin' crazy, crickets talkin' back and forth in rhyme, blue rive runnin' slow and lazy, i could stay with you forever and never realize the time.  situations have ended sad, relationships have all been bad. mine've been like verlaine's and rimbaud. but there's no way i can compare all those scenes to this affair, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  yer gonna make me wonder what i'm doin' stayin' far behind without you. yer gonna make me wonder what i'm sayin' yer gonna make me give myself a good talkin' to.  i'll look for you in old honolulu, san francisco, ashtabula, yer gonna have to leave me now, i know. but i'll see you in the sky above, in the tall grass, in the ones i love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.well, i ride on a mailtrain, babe can't buy a thrill well, i've been up all night leanin' on the window sill well, if i die on top of the hill and if i don't make it you know my baby will.  don't the moon look good, mama shinin' through the trees ? don't the brakeman look good, mama ragging down the "double e" ? don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea ? don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me ?  now the wintertime is coming the windows are filled with frost i went to tell everybody but i could not get across well, i wanna be your lover, baby i don't wanna be your boss don't say i never warned you when your train gets lost.bye and bye,  i’m breathin’ a lover’s sigh i’m sittin’ on my watch so i can be on time i’m singin’ love’s praises with sugar-coated rhyme bye and bye,  on you i’m casting my eye  i’m paintin’ the town  swinging my partner around i know who i can depend on,  i know who to trust i’m watchin’ the roads, i’m studying the dust i’m paintin’ the town  making my last go-round  well, i’m scufflin’ and i’m shufflin’ and i’m  walkin’ on briars i’m not even acquainted with my  own desires  i’m rollin’ slow i’m doing all i know i’m tellin’ myself  i found true happiness that i’ve still got a dream that hasn’t been repossessed i’m rollin’ slow, goin’ where the wild roses grow  well the future  for me is already a thing of the past you were my first love  and you will be my last  papa gone mad, mamma, she’s feeling sad i’m gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more i’m gonna establish my rule through civil war gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can bewhen you're sad and lonely and you haven't got a friend just remember that death is not the end and all that you hell sacred falls down and dows not bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when you're standing at the cross-roads  that you cannot comprehend just remember that death is not the end and all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when storm clouds gather round you and heavy rains descend just remember that death is not the end and there's nowhere there to comfort you with a helping hand to lend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  oh the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies and the bright light of salvation shines in dark and empty skies  when the cities are on fire when the burning flesh of men just remember that death is nt the end and you search in vain to find  just one law abiding citizen just remember that death is not the end.  not  the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.if you're travelin' in the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine if you go when the snowflakes storm when the rivers freeze and summer ends please see she has a coat so warm to keep her from the howlin' winds please see if her hair hangs long if it rolls and flows all down her breast please see for me if her hair's hanging long for that's the way i remember her best i'm a-wonderin' if she remembers me at all many times i've often prayed in the darkness of my night in the brightness of my day so if you're travelin' the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine sixteen years, sixteen banners united over the field where the good shepherd grieves. desperate men, desperate women divided, spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.  fortune calls. i stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace, merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down. she's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born, on midsummer's eve, near the tower.  the cold-blooded moon. the captain waits above the celebration sending his thoughts to a beloved maid whose ebony face is beyond communication. the captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.  they shaved her head. she was torn between jupiter and apollo. a messenger arrived with a black nightingale. i seen her on the stairs and i couldn't help but follow, follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.  i stumbled to my feet. i rode past destruction in the ditches with the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo. renegade priests and treacherous young witches were handing out the flowers that i'd given to you.  the palace of mirrors where dog soldiers are reflected, the endless road and the wailing of chimes, the empty rooms where her memory is protected, where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.  she wakes him up forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks. she's begging to know what measures he now will be taking. he's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.  gentlemen, he said, i don't need your organization, i've shined your shoes, i've moved your mountains and marked your cards but eden is burning, either brace yourself for elimination or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.  peace will come with tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire but will bring us no reward when her false idols fall and cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating between the king and the queen of swords.well, in my time of dying don't want nobody to mourn all i want for you to do is take my body home well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  well, meet me jesus, meet me, meet me in the middle of the air if these wings should fail me lord, won't you meet me with another pair? well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.  lord, in my time of dying don't want nobody to cry all i want you to do is take me when i die well, well, well, so i can die easy well, well, well well, well, well, so i can die easy jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up jesus gonna make up my dying bed.i married isis on the fifth day of may but i could not hold on to her very long so i cut off my hair and i rode straight away for the wild unknown country where i could not go wrong.  i came to a high place of darkness and light the dividing line ran through the center of town i hitched up my pony to a post on the right went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.  a man in the corner approached me for a match i knew right away he was not ordinary he said "are you looking for something easy to catch ?" i said "i got no money". he said "that ain't necessary".  we set out that night for the cold in the north i gave him my blanket he gave me his word i said "where are we going ?" he said "we'd be back by the fourth" i said "that's the best new that i've ever heard".  i was thinking about turquoise i was thinking about gold i was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace as we rode through the canyons through the devilish cold i was thinking about isis how she thought i was so reckless.  how she told me that one day we meet up again and things would be different the next time we wed if i only could hang on and just be her friend i still can't remember all the best things she said.  we came to the pyramids all embedded in ice he said "there's a body i'm trying to find if i carry it out it'll bring a good prize" it was then that i knew what he had on his mind.  the wind it was howling and the snow was outrageous we chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn when he died i was hoping that it wasn't contagious but i made up my mind that i had to go on. i broke into the tomb but the casket was empty there was no jewels no nothing i felt i'd been had when i saw that my partner was just being friendly when i took up his offer i must-a been mad.   i picked up his body and i dragged him inside threw him down in the hole and i put back the cover i said a quick prayer and i felt satisfied then i rode back to find isis just to tell her i love her.  she was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise blinded by sleep and in need of a bed i came in from the east with the sun in my eyes i cursed her one time then i rode on ahead.  she said "where ya been ?" i said "no place special ?" she said "you look different" i said "well i guess" she said "you been gone" i said "that's only natural" she said "you gonna stay ?" i said "if you want me to, yeah ".  isis oh isis you mystical child what drives me to you is what drives me insane i still can remember the way that you smiled on the fifth day of may in the drizzling rain.frankie was a good girl everybody knows paid one hundred dollars for albert's new suit of clothes he was her man but he done her wrong.  albert said "i'm leaving you" won't be gone for long don't wait up for me a-worry about me when i'm gone he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to the corner saloon get a bucket of beer said to the bartender "has my lovin' man been her ?" he was her man but he done her wrong.  "well, i ain't gonna tell you no stories i ain't gonna tell you no lies i saw albert an hour ago with a gal named alice bly" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to 12th street lookin' up through the window high she saw her albert there lovin' up alice bly he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie pulled out a pistol pulled out a forty-four gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot and albert fell on the floor he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie got down upon her knees took albert into her lap started to hug and kiss him but there was no bringin' him back he was her man but he done her wrong.  "gimme a thousand policemen throw me into a cell i shot my albert dead and now i'm goin' to hell" he was my man but he done me wrong.  judge said to the jury "plain as a thing can be a woman shot her lover down murder in the second degree" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went to the scaffold calm as a girl could be turned her eyes up toward the heavens said "nearer, my god, to thee" he was her man but he done her wrong.in the chilly hours and minutes of uncertainty,  i want to be in the warm heart of your loving mind.  to feel you all around me,  and to take your hand along the sand,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when sundown pales the sky,  i want to hide a while behind your smile,  and everywhere i look your eyes i find.  for me to love you now, would be the sweetest thing,  t'would make me sing,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when rain has hung the leaves with tears,  i want you near, to kill my fears,  to help me to leave all my blues behind.  standing in your heart is where i want to be  and long to be,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.every time my baby and me we go up town police come and they knock me down cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick.  this old cocaine is 'bout to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain. yonder comes by baby, she's dressed in red she's got a shot-gun, says she's gonna kill me dead.  cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, better come here quick this old cocaine 'bout to make me sick cocaine all around my brain. early one morning, half past four  cocaine came knockin' on my door. cocaine all around my brain hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine is making me sick.  cocaine all around my brain. cocaine's for horses and it's not for men doctor said it kill you, but he don't say when. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.father of night, father of day, father, who taketh the darkness away, father, who teacheth the bird to fly, builder of rainbows up in the sky, father of loneliness and pain, father of love and father of rain.  father of day, father of night, father of black, father of white, father, who build the mountain so high, who shapeth the cloud up in the sky, father of time, father of dreams, father, who turneth the rivers and streams.  father of grain, father of wheat, father of cold and father of heat, father of air and father of trees, who dwells in our hearts and our memories, father of minutes, father of days, father of whom we most solemnly praise.they're selling postcards of the hanging, they're painting the passports brown the beauty parlor is filled with sailors, the circus is in town here comes the blind commissioner, they've got him in a trance one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker, the other is in his pants and the riot squad they're restless, they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight, from desolation row  cinderella, she seems so easy, "it takes one to know one," she smiles and puts her hands in her back pockets bette davis style and in comes romeo, he's moaning. "you belong to me i believe" and someone says, "you're in the wrong place, my friend, you better leave" and the only sound that's left after the ambulances go is cinderella sweeping up on desolation row  now the moon is almost hidden, the stars are beginning to hide the fortune telling lady has even taken all her things inside all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame  everybody is making love or else expecting rain and the good samaritan, he's dressing, he's getting ready for the show he's going to the carnival tonight on desolation row  now ophelia, she's 'neath the window for her i feel so afraid on her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid to her, death is quite romantic she wears an iron vest her profession's her religion, her sin is her lifelessness and though her eyes are fixed upon noah's great rainbow she spends her time peeking into desolation row  einstein, disguised as robin hood with his memories in a trunk passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette  as he when off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet  now you would not think to look at him, but he was famous long ago for playing the electric violin on desolation row  dr. filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup but all his sexless patients, they're trying to blow it up now his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the cyanide hole and she also keeps the cards that read, "have mercy on his soul" they all play on the penny whistles, you can hear them blow if you lean your head out far enough from desolation row  across the street they've nailed the curtains, they're getting ready for the feast the phantom of the opera a perfect image of a priest they're spoon feeding casanova to get him to feel more assured then they'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words and the phantom's shouting to skinny girls, "get outa here if you don't know casanova is just being punished for going to desolation row"  now at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene is brought down from the castles by insurance men who go check to see that nobody is escaping to desolation row  praise be to nero's neptune the titanic sails at dawn and everybody's shouting, "which side are you on?" and ezra pound and t.s. eliot fighting in the captain's tower while calypso singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers between the windows of the sea where lovely mermaids flow and nobody has to think too much about desolation row  yes, i received your letter yesterday (about the time the doorknob broke) when you asked me how i was doing, was that some kind of joke all these people that you mention, yes, i know them, they're quite lame i had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name right now, i can't read too good, don't send me no more letters no not unless you mail them from desolation rowi sang the song slowly as she stood in the shadows she stepped to the light as my silver strings spun she called with her eyes to the tune i's a-playin' but the song it was long and i'd only begun  through a bullet of light her face was reflectin' the fast fading words that rolled from my tongue with a long-distance look her eyes was on fire but the song it was long and there was more to be sung.  my eyes danced a circle across her clear outline with her head tilted sideways she called me again as the tune drifted out she breathed hard through the echo but the song it was long and it was far to the end  i glanced at my guitar and played it pretendin' that of all the eyes out there i could see none as her thoughts pounded hard like the pierce of an arrow but the song it was long and it had to get done  as the tune finally folded i laid down the guitar then looked for the girl who'd stayed for so long but her shadow was missin' for all of my searchin' so i picked up my guitar and began the next songnobody feels any pain tonight as i stand here in the rain. everybody knows that baby's got new clothes, but lately i see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  queen mary, she's my friend. yes i believe i'll go see her again. nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed 'till she finally sees that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamines, and her pearls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  it was raining from the first, and i was dying there of thirst, so i came in here. and your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here. i can't stay in here. ain't it clear...  that i just can't fit. yes i believe it's time for us to quit. but when we met again  introduced as friends, please don't let on that you knew me when i was hungry, and it was your world.  you fake just like a woman. you make love just like a woman. and then you ache just like a woman. but you break just like a little girl.down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.hazel, dirty-blonde hair i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere. you got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.  hazel, stardust in your eye you're goin' somewhere and so am i. i'd give you the sky high above ooh, for a little touch of your love.  oh no, i don't need any reminder to know how much i really care but it's just making me blinder and blinder because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  hazel, you called and i came, now don't make me play this waiting game. you've got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.father of night, father of day, father, who taketh the darkness away, father, who teacheth the bird to fly, builder of rainbows up in the sky, father of loneliness and pain, father of love and father of rain.  father of day, father of night, father of black, father of white, father, who build the mountain so high, who shapeth the cloud up in the sky, father of time, father of dreams, father, who turneth the rivers and streams.  father of grain, father of wheat, father of cold and father of heat, father of air and father of trees, who dwells in our hearts and our memories, father of minutes, father of days, father of whom we most solemnly praise.hazel, dirty-blonde hair i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere. you got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.  hazel, stardust in your eye you're goin' somewhere and so am i. i'd give you the sky high above ooh, for a little touch of your love.  oh no, i don't need any reminder to know how much i really care but it's just making me blinder and blinder because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  hazel, you called and i came, now don't make me play this waiting game. you've got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride. with a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.  well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door. gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh.  said, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said he, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said, "miss mouse, are you within?" "yes, kind sir, i sit and spin," uh-huh.  he took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee. said, "miss mousey, will you marry me?" uh-huh.  "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent. i wouldn't marry the president, uh-huh  uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,. to think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.  uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown. to buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh  where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh-huh  what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, uh-huh.  well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth. she laid out the table cloth, uh-huh.  next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug. she brought the water jug, uh-huh.  next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee. sat mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.  next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea. danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh-huh.  next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow. she tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh-huh.  next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick. she ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.  next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake. ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.  next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat. swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.  mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook. a lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.  a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf. if you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.there is a house down in new orleans they call the rising sun and it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.  my mother was a tailor she sowed these new blue jeans my sweetheart was a gambler, lord down in new orleans.  now the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk and the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.  he fills his glasses up to the brim and he'll pass the cards around and the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town.  oh tell my baby sister not to do what i have done but shun that house in new orleans they call the rising sun.  well it's one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train i'm going back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain.  i'm going back to new orleans my race is almost run i'm going back to end my life down in the rising sun.  there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one. fat man lookin' in a blade of steel thin man lookin' at his last meal hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield for dignity  wise man lookin' in a blade of grass young man lookin' in the shadows that pass poor man lookin' through painted glass for dignity  somebody got murdered on new year's eve somebody said dignity was the first to leave i went into the city, went into the town went into the land of the midnight sun  searchin' high, searchin' low searchin' everywhere i know askin' the cops wherever i go have you seen dignity?  blind man breakin' out of a trance puts both his hands in the pockets of chance hopin' to find one circumstance of dignity  i went to the wedding of mary-lou she said òi don't want nobody see me talkin' to youó said she could get killed if she told me what she knew about dignity  i went down where the vultures feed i would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men wasn't any difference to me  chilly wind sharp as a razor blade house on fire, debts unpaid gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid have you seen dignity?  drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears in a crowded room full of covered up mirrors lookin' into the lost forgotten years for dignity  met prince phillip at the home of the blues said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used he wanted money up front, said he was abused by dignity  footprints runnin' cross the silver sand steps goin' down into tattoo land i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light in the bordertowns of despair  got no place to fade, got no coat i'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat tryin' to read a note somebody wrote about dignity  sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure lookin' at his hands for the lines that were and into every masterpiece of literature for dignity  englishman stranded in the blackheart wind combin' his hair back, his future looks thin bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity  someone showed me a picture and i just laughed dignity never been photographed i went into the red, went into the black into the valley of dry bone dreams  so many roads, so much at stake so many dead ends, i'm at the edge of the lake sometimes i wonder what it's gonna take to find dignity  oh, god said to abraham, "kill me a son" abe said, "man, you must be puttin' me on" god said, "no" abe say, "what?" god say, "you can do what you want, abe, but the next time you see me comin', you better run" well, abe said, "where d'you want this killin' done?" god said, "out on highway 61"  well, georgia sam, he had a bloody nose welfare department, they wouldn't give him no clothes he asked poor howard, "where can i go?" howard said, "there's only one place i know" sam said, "tell me quick, man, i got to run" oh, howard just pointed with his gun and said, "that way, down highway 61"  well, mack the finger said to louie the king "i got forty red-white-and-blue shoestrings and a thousand telephones that don't ring do you know where i can get rid of these things?" and louie the king said, "let me think for a minute, son" then he said, "yes, i think it can be easily done just take everything down to highway 61"  now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night told the first father that things weren't right "my complexion," she says, "is much too white" he said, "come here and step into the light" he said, "hmm, you're right, let me tell the second mother this has been done" but the second mother was with the seventh son and they were both out on highway 61  now, the roving gambler he was very bored trying to create a next world war he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor he said, "i never engaged in this kind of thing before but yes, i think it can be very easily done we'll just put some bleachers out in the sun and have it on highway 61"oh, i'm sailin' away my own true love, i'm sailin' away in the morning. is there something i can send you from across the sea, from the place that i'll be landing?  no, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love, there's nothin' i wish to be ownin'. just carry yourself back to me unspoiled, from across that lonesome ocean.  oh, but i just thought you might want something fine made of silver or of golden, either from the mountains of madrid or from the coast of barcelona.  oh, but if i had the stars from the darkest night and the diamonds from the deepest ocean, i'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss, for that's all i'm wishin' to be ownin'.  that i might be gone a long time and it's only that i'm askin', is there something i can send you to remember me by, to make your time more easy passin'.  oh, how can, how can you ask me again, it only brings me sorrow. the same thing i want from you today, i would want again tomorrow.  i got a letter on a lonesome day, it was from her ship a-sailin', saying i don't know when i'll be comin' back again, it depends on how i'm a-feelin'.  well, if you, my love, must think that-a-way, i'm sure your mind is roamin'. i'm sure your heart is not with me, but with the country to where you're goin'.  so take heed, take heed of the western wind, take heed of the stormy weather. and yes, there's something you can send back to me, spanish boots of spanish leather.there's a whole lot of people suffering tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people struggling tonight from the disease of conceit comes right down the highway straight down the line rips into your senses through your body and your mind nothing about it that's sweet the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of hearts shaking tonight from the disease of conceit steps into your eats into your soul over your senses you have no control ain't nothing too discreet about the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of people dying tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people crying tonight from the disease of conceit comes right out of nowhere and you're down for the count from the outside world the pressure will mount turn you into a piece of meat the disease of conceit.  conceit is the disease that the doctors got no cure they've done a lot of research on it but what it is they're still not sure.  there's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people seeing trouble tonight fro the disease of conceit give you delusions of grandeur an evil eye give you the idea that you're too good to die the they bury you from head to feet from the disease of conceit.by bob dylan    you know, there's two ol' maids layin' in the bed,  one picked herself up an' the other one, she said&#58;  "get your rocks off!  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, there late one night up on blueberry hill,  one man turned to the other man and said, with a blood-curdlin' chill, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was layin' down around mink muscle creek,  one man said to the other man, he began to speak, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was cruisin' down the highway in a greyhound bus.  all kinds-a children in the side road, they was hollerin' at us, sayin'&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me!"buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?farewell angelina the bells of the crown are being stolen by bandits i must follow the sound the triangle tingles and the trumpet play slow farewell angelina the sky is on fire and i must go.  there's no need for anger there's no need for blame there's nothing to prove ev'rything's still the same just a table standing empty by the edge of the sea farewell angelina the sky is trembling and i must leave.  the jacks and queens have forsaked the courtyard fifty-two gypsies now file past the guards in the space where the deuce and the ace once ran wild farewell angelina the sky is folding i'll see you in a while.  see the cross-eyed pirates sitting perched in the sun shooting tin cans with a sawed-off shotgun and the neighbors they clap and they cheer with each blast farewell angelina the sky's changing color and i must leave fast.  king kong, little elves on the rooftoops they dance valentino-type tangos while the make-up man's hands shut the eyes of the dead not to embarrass anyone farewell angelina the sky is embarrassed and i must be gone.  the machine guns are roaring the puppets heave rocks the fiends nail time bombs to the hands of the clocks call me any name you like i will never deny it farewell angelina the sky is erupting i must go where it's quiet.in the lonely night in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light you're comin' through to me in black and white when we were made of dreams.  you're blowing down the shaky street, you're hearing my heart beat in the record breaking heat where we were born in time.  not one more night, not one more kiss, not this time baby, no more of this, takes too much skill, takes too much will, it's revealing. you came, you saw, just like the law you married young, just like your ma, you tried and tried, you made me slide you left me reelin' with this feelin'.  on the rising curve where the ways of nature will test every nerve, you won't get anything you don't deserve where we were born in time.  bridge #2: you pressed me once, you pressed me twice, you hang the flame, you'll pay the price, oh babe, that fire is still smokin'. you were snow, you were rain you were striped, you were plain, oh babe, truer words have not been spoken or broken.  in the hills of mystery, in the foggy web of destiny, you can have what's left of me, where we were born in time.blue moon, you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.  blue moon, you knew just what i was there for you heard me saying a prayet for someone i really could care for.  and suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold i heard someone whisper, "please, adore me" and when i looked my moon had turned to gold.  blue moon, now i'm no longer alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own without a love of my own.i didn't know that you'd be leavin' or who you thought you were talkin' to. i figure maybe we're even or maybe i'm one up on you.  i send you all my money just like i did before. i tried to reach you honey, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  i ain't gonna get lost in this current, i don't like playing cat and mouse. no gentleman likes making love to a servant. especially when he's in his father's house.  i never could guess your weight, baby, never needed to call you my whore. i always thought you were straight, baby, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  well these times and these tunnels are haunted, the bottom of the barrel is too. i waited years sometimes for what i wanted. everybody can't be as lucky as you.  never no more do i wonder, why you don't never play with me any more. at any moment you could go under, cause you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  you and me we had completeness, i give you all of what i could provide we weren't on the wrong side, sweetness, we were the wrong side.  i've already ripped out the phones, honey. you can't walk the streets in a war. i can finish this alone, honey, you're driftin' too far from shore.i got to see you, baby, i don't care it may be some place, baby, you say you where i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  you got the crazy rhythm when you walk you make me nervous when you start to talk i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  standin' on the highway, you flag me down said, take me, daddy to the nearest town i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join is jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop you made me so bad, you gotta stop i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join in jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you had a white rag wrapped around your head wearing a long dress fire engine red i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.well met, well met, my own true love well met, well met, cried she i've just returned from the salt, salt sea and it's all for the love of thee  i could have married a king's daughter there she would have married me but i have forsaken my king's daughter there it's all for the love of thee  well, if you could have married a king's daughter there i'm sure you're the one to blame for i am married to a house carpenter and i'm sure he's a fine young man  forsake, forsake your house carpenter and come away with me i'll take you where the green grass grows on the shores of sunny italy  so up she picked her babies three and gave them kisses, one, two, three saying "take good care of your daddy while i'm gone and keep him good company."  well, they were sailin' about two weeks i'm sure it was not three when the younger of the girls, she came on deck sayin' she wants company  "well, are you weepin' for your house and home? or are you weepin' for your babies three?" "well, i'm not weepin' for my house carpenter i'm weepin' for my babies three."  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as white as snow those are the hill of heaven, my love you and i'll never know  oh what are those hills yonder, my love they look as dark as night those are the hills of hell-fire my love where you and i will unite  oh twice around went the gallant ship i'm sure it was not three when the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak and it drifted to the bottom of the seagod knows you ain't pretty, god knows it's true. god knows there ain't anybody ever gonna take the place of you.  god knows it's a struggle, god knows it's a crime, god knows there's gonna be no more water but fire next time.  [bridge #1:] god didn't call it treason, god didn't call it wrong, it was supposed to last a season but it's been so strong for so long.  god knows it's fragile, god knows everything, god knows it could snap apart right now just like putting scissors to a string.  [bridge #2:] god knows it's terrifying, god sees it all unfold, there's a million reasons for you to be crying you been so bold and so cold.  god knows that when you see it, god knows you've got to weep, god knows the secrets of your heart, he'll tell them to you when you're asleep.  god knows there's a river, god knows how to make it flow, god knows you ain't gonna be taking nothing with you when you go.  god knows there's a purpose, god knows there's a chance, god knows you can rise above the darkest hour of any circumstance.  god knows there's a heaven, god knows it's out of sight, god knows we can get all the way from here to there even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight.when she said, "don't waste your words, they're just lies," i cried she was deaf. and she worked on my face until breaking my eyes, then said, "what else you got left?" it was then that i got up to leave but she said, "don't forget, everybody must give something back for something they get."  i stood there and hummed,  i tapped on her drum  and asked her how come. and she buttoned her boot,  and straightened her suit, then she said, "don't get cute." so i forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs, and gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum.  she threw me outside, i stood in the dirt where ev'ryone walked. and after finding i'd forgotten my shirt, i went back and knocked. i waited in the hallway, she went to get it, and i tried to make sense out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against--  her jamaican rum and when she did come, i asked her for some. she said, "no, dear." i said, "your words aren't clear, you'd better spit out your gum." she screamed till her face got so red, then she fell on the floor, and i covered her up and then thought i'd go look through her drawer.  and when i was through i filled up my shoe and brought it to you. and you, you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time. and i, i never took much, i never asked for your crutch and i don't ask for mine.how many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man ? how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand ? yes, how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many years can a mountain exist before it's washed to the sea ? yes, how many years can some people exist before they're allowed to be free ? yes, how many times can a man turn his head pretending he just doesn't see ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many times must a man look up before he can see the sky ? yes, how many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry ? yes, how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.well, i had to go down and see a guy named mr. goldsmith a nasty, dirty, double-crossin', back-stabbin' phony i didn't want to have to be dealin' with but i did it for you and all you gave me was a smile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i don't carry dead weight - i'm no flash in the pan all right, i'll set you straight, can't you see i'm a union man? i'm lettin' the cat out of the cage, i'm keeping a low profile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  feel like a fighting rooster - feel better than i ever felt but the pennsylvania line's in an awful mess and the denver road is about to melt i went to the church house, every day i go an extra mile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  last night 'cross the alley there was a pounding on the walls it must have been don pasquale makin' a two a.m. booty call to break a trusting heart like mine was just your style well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i'm on the fringes of the night, fighting back tears that i can't control some people they ain't human, they got no heart or soul well, i'm crying to the lord - i'm tryin' to be meek and mild yes, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, there's preachers in the pulpits and babies in the cribs i'm longin' for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs i'm gonna buy me a barrel of whiskey - i'll die before i turn senile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, you bet on a horse and it ran on the wrong way i always said you'd be sorry and today could be the day i might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial well, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhilejust like old saxophone joe when he's hot ,the hogshead up on his toe oh me, oh my love that country pie.  listen to the fiddler play when he's playin' 'til the break of day   oh me, oh my love that country pie.  raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime what do i care? blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum call me for dinner, honey, i'll be there.  saddle me up on my big white goose tie me on 'er turn her loose oh me, oh my love that country pie.  i don't need much and that ain't no lie ain't runnin' any race  give to me my country pie i won't throw it up in anybody's face.  shake me up that old peach tree little jack horner's got nothin' on me oh me, oh my love that country pie.everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust adjust to what, a dream that bust?  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said what's up is down, they said what isn't is they put ideas in his head that he thought were his.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made him a killer that's what they did.  he was on the basketball team, he was in the marching band when he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said, "listen boy, you're just a pup" they sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up.  they gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills a jeep to drive, blood to spill.  they said, "congratulation, you got what it takes" they sent him back into the race without any brakes.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he bought the american dream but put it in doubt only game he could play was russian roulette.  he drank coca-cola, he was eating wonder bread he ate burger kings, he was well fed.  he went to hollywood to see peter o'toole he stole a rolls royce and drove in a pool.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar he could've been an accountant or a tennis star.  he was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day off the golden gate bridge into china bay.  his mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans they gotta sleep together in a home they don't own.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  everybody's asking why he didn't adjust all he wanted was somebody to trust.  they took his head and turned it inside out he never did know what it was all about.  he had a steady job, he joined the choir he never did plan to walk the high wire.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.well, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone yes, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone either someone needing mercy or maybe something i've done wrong  well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say i just can't face up to tell 'em honey, you just went away  well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, i walk on pins and needles i hope my tongue don't slip  well, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you yes, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you but the sun goes around the heavens and another day just drives on through  way out in the distance i know you're with some other man way out in the distance i know you're with some other man but that's alright, baby you know i always understand  call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye but my heart's just not in it i might as well pass right on by  my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells well, it can't be no guitar player it must be convent bellsi woke up this mornin', there were tears in my bed. they killed a man i really loved shot him through the head. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sent him off to prison for a seventy-dollar robbery. closed the door behind him and they threw away the key. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  he wouldn't take shit from no one he wouldn't bow down or kneel. authorities, they hated him because he was just too real. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  prison guards, they cursed him as they watched him from above but they were frightened of his power they were scared of his love. lord, lord, so they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sometimes i think this whole world is one big prison yard. some of us are prisoners the rest of us are guards. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.far between sundown's finish an' midnight's broken toll we ducked inside the doorway, thunder crashing as majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight an' for each an' ev'ry underdog soldier in the night an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  in the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched with faces hidden while the walls were tightening as the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain dissolved into the bells of the lightning tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an' forsakened tolling for the outcast, burnin' constantly at stake an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail the sky cracked its poems in naked wonder that the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder striking for the gentle, striking for the kind striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind an' the unpawned painter behind beyond his rightful time an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales for the disrobed faceless forms of no position tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts all down in taken-for-granted situations tolling for the deaf an' blind, tolling for the mute tolling for the mistreated, mateless mother, the mistitled prostitute for the misdemeanor outlaw, chased an' cheated by pursuit an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  even though a cloud's white curtain in a far-off corner flashed an' the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting tolling for the searching ones, on their speechless, seeking trail for the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale an' for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  starry-eyed an' laughing as i recall when we were caught trapped by no track of hours for they hanged suspended as we listened one last time an' we watched with one last look spellbound an' swallowed 'til the tolling ended tolling for the aching ones whose wounds cannot be nursed for the countless confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones an' worse an' for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.so run here baby, put your little hands in mine i've got something to tell you, i know you're gonna change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i want you baby just to understand i don't want to be your boss babe, i just want to be your man when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  now when you go home, you don't have to get along come back to me babe, where i live that's where you belong when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i love you baby an' you know that it's true i wouldn't mistreat you baby, nothin' in this world is like you when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too yes when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  so run here baby, put your little hand in mine i got something to tell you baby, i know that will change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you don't you know it, don't you know it hurts me tooi can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" well, i'm stranded in the city that never sleeps some of these women they just give me the creeps i'm avoidin' the southside the best i can these memories i got, they can strangle a man  well i came ashore in the dead of the night lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm not sorry for nothin' i've done i'm glad i fought - i only wish we'd won the siamese twins are comin' to town people can't wait - they're gathered around  when i left my home the sky split open wide i never wanted to go back there - i'd rather have died you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  my woman got a face like a teddy bear she's tossin' a baseball bat in the air the meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword i'm crashin' my car, trunk first into the boards  you say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice well, i'll sell it to ya at a reduced price you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me, if only you knew  some things are too terrible to be true i won't come here no more if it bothers you the southern pacific leaving at nine forty-five i'm having a hard time believin' some people were ever alive  i'm stark naked, but i don't care i'm going off into the woods, i'm huntin' bare you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm here to create the new imperial empire i'm going to do whatever circumstances require i care so much for you - didn't think that i could i can't tell my heart that you're no good  well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knewcome gather 'round people wherever you roam and admit that the waters around you have grown and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone. if your time to you is worth savin' then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stone for the times they are a-changin'.  come writers and critics who prophesize with your pen and keep your eyes wide the chance won't come again and don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin and there's no tellin' who that it's namin'. for the loser now will be later to win for the times they are a-changin'.  come senators, congressmen please heed the call don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall for he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled there's a battle outside and it is ragin'. it'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls for the times they are a-changin'.  come mothers and fathers throughout the land and don't criticize what you can't understand your sons and your daughters are beyond your command your old road is rapidly agin'. please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand for the times they are a-changin'.  the line it is drawn the curse it is cast the slow one now will later be fast as the present now will later be past the order is rapidly fadin'. and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin'.oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration, the birdies were flying from tree to tree. there was little to say, there was no conversation as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree. and the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking, darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb. i was ready to leave, i was already walkin', but the next time i looked there was light in the room. and the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill, oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin', the weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees. the man standin' next to me, his head was exploding, well, i was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me. yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, and the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i put down my robe, picked up my diploma, took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive, straight for the hills, the black hills of dakota, sure was glad to get out of there alive. and the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. and the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me, singing for me, well, singing for me.god knows you ain't pretty, god knows it's true. god knows there ain't anybody ever gonna take the place of you.  god knows it's a struggle, god knows it's a crime, god knows there's gonna be no more water but fire next time.  [bridge #1:] god didn't call it treason, god didn't call it wrong, it was supposed to last a season but it's been so strong for so long.  god knows it's fragile, god knows everything, god knows it could snap apart right now just like putting scissors to a string.  [bridge #2:] god knows it's terrifying, god sees it all unfold, there's a million reasons for you to be crying you been so bold and so cold.  god knows that when you see it, god knows you've got to weep, god knows the secrets of your heart, he'll tell them to you when you're asleep.  god knows there's a river, god knows how to make it flow, god knows you ain't gonna be taking nothing with you when you go.  god knows there's a purpose, god knows there's a chance, god knows you can rise above the darkest hour of any circumstance.  god knows there's a heaven, god knows it's out of sight, god knows we can get all the way from here to there even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight.well, it's all of fair and handsome girl, she's all in her tender years. she fell in love with a sailor boy, it's true she loved him well. for to go off to sea with him like she did not know how, she longed to see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  so she bargained with the sailor boy, all for a piece of gold. straightaway then he led her down into the hold, sayin', "i'll dress you up in sailor's clothes, your jacket shall be blue. you'll see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  now, when the other sailors heard the news, well, they fell into a rage, and with all the ship's company they were willing to engage. saying, "we'll tie her hands and feet, my boys, overboard we'll throw her. she'll never see that seaport town called canadee-i-o.  now, when the captain he heard the news, well, he too fell in a rage, and with the whole ship's company he was willing to engage, sayin', "she'll stay in sailor's clothes, her color shall be blue, she'll see that seaport town call canadee-i-o.  now, when they come down to canada scarcely 'bout half a year, she's married this bold captain who called her his dear. she's dressed in silks and satins now, she cuts a gallant show, finest of the ladies down canadee-i-o.  come, all you fair and tender girls, wheresoever you may be, i'd have you to follow your own true love whene'er he goes to sea. for if the sailors prove false to you, well, the captain, he might prove true. you'll see the honor i have gained by the wearing of the blue.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna leave my lonesome home and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hear my milk cow moan and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hit the highway road but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, lord, i had my overflowin' fill sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make out my final will sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna head for the walkin' hill but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna lay right down and die sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna climb up to the sky sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna laugh until i cry but then again, i said again, i said again, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna fly like a cannon ball but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna back up against the wall sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna run till i have to crawl sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna change my house around sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make a change in this here town sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna change the world around but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.well, the rainman comes with his magic wand and the judge says, "mona can't have no bond." and the walls collide, mona cries, and the rain man leaves in the wolf man's disguise.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, the undertaker in his midnight suit says to the masked man, "ain't you cute!" well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf and he says, "you ain't so bad yourself."  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, jumpin' judy can't go no higher. she had bullets in her eyes, and they fire. rasputin he's so dignified, he touched the back of her head an' he died.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, phaedra with her looking glass, stretchin' out upon the grass. she gets all messed up and she faints that's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.while riding on a train goin' west, i fell asleep for to take my rest. i dreamed a dream that made me sad, concerning myself and the first few friends i had.  with half-damp eyes i stared to the room where my friends and i spent many an afternoon, where we together weathered many a storm, laughin' and singin' till the early hours of the morn.  by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung, our words were told, our songs were sung, where we longed for nothin' and were quite satisfied talkin' and a-jokin' about the world outside.  with haunted hearts through the heat and cold, we never thought we could ever get old. we thought we could sit forever in fun but our chances really was a million to one.  as easy it was to tell black from white, it was all that easy to tell wrong from right. and our choices were few and the thought never hit that the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split.  how many a year has passed and gone, and many a gamble has been lost and won, and many a road taken by many a friend, and each one i've never seen again.  i wish, i wish, i wish in vain, that we could sit simply in that room again. ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat, i'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that.black jack davey come a-riden' on back, a-whistlin' loud and merry. made the woods around him ring, and he charmed the heart of a lady, charmed the heart of a lady.  "how old are you, my pretty little miss, how old are you, my honey" she answered to him with a lovin' smile "i'll be sixteen come sunday, be sixteen come sunday."  "come and go with me, my pretty little miss, come and go with me, my honey, take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money you never will want for money  "pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of spanish leather. get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together, we'll both go off together."  well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of spanish leather. got behind him on his horse and they rode off together. they rode off together.  at night the boss came home inquiring about this lady. the servant spoke before she thought, "she's been with black jack dave, rode off with black jack davey."  "well, saddle for me my coal black stud, he's speedier than the gray. i rode all day and i'll ride all night, and i'll overtake my lady. i'll bring back my lady."  well, he rode all night till the broad daylight, till he came to a river ragin', and there he spied his darlin' bride in the arms of black jack davey. wrapped up with black jack davey.  "pull off, pull off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. give to me your lily-white hand and we'll both go home together. we'll both go home together."  well, she pulled off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. gave to him her lily-white hand and said good-bye forever. bid farewell forever.  "would you forsake your house and home, would you forsake your baby? would you forsake your husband, too, to go with black jack davey. rode off with black jack davey?"  "well, i'll forsake my house and home, and i'll forsake my baby. i'll forsake my husband, too, for the love of black jack davey. ride off with black jack davey."  "last night i slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby. tonight i lay on the river banks in the arms of black jack davey, love my black jack davey."don't wanna judge nobody, don't wanna be judged, don't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched. don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt, don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot, don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought. don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried, don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned, don't wanna learn from nobody what i gotta unlearn. don't wanna cheat nobody, don't wanna be cheated, don't wanna defeat nobody if they already been defeated.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna wink at nobody, don't wanna be winked at, don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat. don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused, don't wanna amuse nobody, don't wanna be amused.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed, don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid. don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed, don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others  like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.i'm going down to rose marie's she never does me wrong. she puts it to me plain as day and gives it to me for a song.  it's a wicked life but what the hell the stars ain't falling down. i'm standing outside the taj mahal i don't see no one around.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see fat gut goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, whenever i get up and i ain't got what i see i just make it down to rose marie's 'bout a quarter after three.  there are worse ways of getting there and i ain't complainin' none. if the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop i'm bound to meet the sun.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, if someone offers me a joke i just say no thanks. i try to tell it like it is and keep away from pranks.  well, sometime you know when the well breaks down i just go pump on it some. rose marie, she likes to go to big places and just set there waitin' for me to come.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.they ask me how i feel and if my love is real and how i know i'll make it through and they, they look at me and frown they'd like to drive me from this town they don't want me around 'cause i believe in you.  they show me to the door they say don't come back no more 'cause i don't be like they'd like me to and i, i walk out on my own a thousand miles from home but i don't feel alone 'cause i believe in you.  i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter i believe in you even though we be apart i believe in you even on the morning after oh, when the dawn is nearing oh, when the night is disappearing oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  don't let me drift too far keep me where you are where i will always be renewed and that which you've given me today is worth more than i could pay and no matter what they say i believe in you.  i believe in you when winter turn to summer i believe in you when white turn to black i believe in you even though i be outnumbered oh, though the earth may shake me oh, though my friends forsake me oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  don't let me change my heart keep me set apart from all the plans they do pursue and i, i don't mind the pain don't mind the driving rain i know i will sustain 'cause i believe in you.i'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around  now i'm all used up and i kind of feel turned around ??  i went to church on sunday and she passed by  and my love for her is taking such a long time to die  god i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist  it's almost like, almost like i don't exist  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  there's a wall of pride high and wide,  can't see over to the other side  it's such a sad thing to see such? beauty/human? decay,  it's sadder still to feel your heart torn? away  one look at you and i'm out of control  like the universe has swallowed me whole  i'm 20 miles out of town and cold irons bound  there's too many people, too many to recall  i thought some of 'em were friends of mine  i was wrong about 'em all  well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud  up over my head nothing but clouds of blood  i found my own, i found my one in you  but your love just hasn't proved true  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons bound well the winds in chicago have turned me to shreds  reality has always had too many heads  some things last longer than you think they will  some kind of things you can never kill  it's you and you only i'm thinking about  but you can't see in, and it's hard looking out  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  well the fat's in the fire, and the water's in the tank  and the whiskey's in the jar, and the money's in the bank  i tried to love and protect you because i cared  i'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared  but looking at you and i'm on my bended knee  you have no idea what you do to me  i'm 20 miles out of town cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons boundcome baby, find me, come baby, remind me of where i once begun come baby, show me, show me you know me, tell me you're the one i could be learning, you could be yearning to see behind the closed door but i will always be emotionally yours.  come baby, rock me, come baby, locl me into the shadows of your heart come baby, teach me, come baby, reach me, let the music start i could be dreaming but i keep believing you're the one i'm living for and i will always be emotionally yours.  it's like my whole life never happened when i see you, it's if i never had a thought i know this dream, it might be crazy but it's the only one i got. okay.  come baby, shake me, come baby, take me, i would be satisfied come baby, hold me, come baby, help me, my arms are open wide i could be unraveling wherever i'm traveling, even to foreign shores but i will always be emotionally yours.he sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.well, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone yes, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone either someone needing mercy or maybe something i've done wrong  well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say i just can't face up to tell 'em honey, you just went away  well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, i walk on pins and needles i hope my tongue don't slip  well, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you yes, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you but the sun goes around the heavens and another day just drives on through  way out in the distance i know you're with some other man way out in the distance i know you're with some other man but that's alright, baby you know i always understand  call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye but my heart's just not in it i might as well pass right on by  my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells well, it can't be no guitar player it must be convent bellslisten to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away i wanna stop at carmangale and keep on going that duquesne train gon' rock me night and day  you say i'm a gambler, you say i'm a pimp but i ain't neither one  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing sounding like it's on a final run  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she never blowed before little light blinking, red light glowing blowing like she's at my chamber door  you smiling through the fence at me just like you always smiled before  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart you're the only thing alive that keeps me going you're like a time bomb in my heart  i can hear a sweet voice steadily calling must be the mother of our lord  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like my woman's on board  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away you old rascal, i know exactly where you're going i'll lead you there myself at the break of day  i wake up every morning with that woman in my bed everybody telling me she's gone to my head  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' kill me dead  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing through another no good town  the lights on my native land are glowing i wonder if they'll know me next time 'round i wonder if that old oak tree's still standing that old oak tree, the one we used to climb  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she's blowing right on timei was in your presence for an hour or so or was it a day? i truly don't know where the sun never set, where the trees hung low by that soft and shining sea did you respect me for what i did or what i didn't do, or keeping it hid? did i lose my mind when i tried to get rid  of everything you see?  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  i got the heart and you got the blood we cut through iron and we cut through mud then came the warning that was before the flood that set everybody free fools they made a mock of sin our loyalty they tried to win but you were closer to me than my next of kin  when they didn't want to know or see.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  strangers, they meddled in our affairs poverty and shame were theirs but all that suffering was not to be compared with the glory that is to be and i'm still carrying the gift you gave it's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved it'll go with me unto the grave and into eternity.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]forgetful heart lost your power of recall every little detail you don't remember at all the times we knew who would remember better than you?  forgetful heart we laughed and had a good time, you and i it's been so long now you're content to let the days go by when you were there you were the answer to my prayer  forgetful heart we loved with all the love that life can give what can i say? without you it's so hard to live can't take much more why can't we love like we did before?  forgetful heart like a walking shadow in my brain all night long i lay awake and listen to the sound of pain the door has closed forevermore if indeed there ever was a doorup on the white veranda she wears a necktie and a panama hat. her passport shows a face from another time and place she looks nothing like that. and all the remnants of her recent past are scattered in the wild wind. she walks across the marble floor where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in. she smiles, walks the other way as the last ship sails and the moon fades away from black diamond bay.  as the morning light breaks open, the greek comes down and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write. "pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says, carefully removes his fez, "am i hearing you right?" and as the yellow fog is lifting the greek is quickly heading for the second floor. she passes him on the spiral staircase thinking he's the soviet ambassador, she starts to speak, but he walks away as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway on black diamond bay.  a soldier sits beneath the fan doing business with a tiny man who sells him a ring. lightning strikes, the lights blow out. the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout, "can you see anything?" then the greek appears on the second floor in his bare feet with a rope around his neck, while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle, says, "open up another deck." but the dealer says, "attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,'' as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away from black diamond bay.  the desk clerk heard the woman laugh as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough. he tried to grab the woman's hand, said, "here's a ring, it cost a grand." she said, "that ain't enough." then she ran upstairs to pack her bags while a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb. she passed the door that the greek had locked, where a handwritten sign read, "do not disturb." she knocked upon it anyway as the sun went down and the music did play on black diamond bay.  "i've got to talk to someone quick!" but the greek said, "go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor. he hung there from the chandelier. she cried, "help, there's danger near please open up the door!" then the volcano erupted and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above. the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner thinking of forbidden love. but the desk clerk said, "it happens every day," as the stars fell down and the fields burned away on black diamond bay.  as the island slowly sank the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room. the dealer said, "it's too late now. you can take your money, but i don't know how you'll spend it in the tomb." the tiny man bit the soldier's ear as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew, while she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her, "my darling, je vous aime beaucoup." she sheds a tear and then begins to pray as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away from black diamond bay.  i was sitting home alone one night in l.a., watching old cronkite on the seven o'clock news. it seems there was an earthquake that left nothing but a panama hat and a pair of old greek shoes. didn't seem like much was happening, so i turned it off and went to grab another beer. seems like every time you turn around there's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear and there's really nothing anyone can say and i never did plan to go anyway to black diamond bay.have yourself a merry little christmas let your heart be light  next year our troubles will be out of sight  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  here we are as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow until then we'll have to motor through somehow and have yourself a merry little christmas now  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  once again as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow so hang a shining star upon the highest bough and have yourself a merry little christmas now have yourself a merry little christmas nowby bob dylan    well, if i had to do it all over again,  babe, i'd do it all over you.  and if i had to wait for ten thousand years,  babe, i'd even do that too.  well, a dog's got his bone in the alley,  a cat, she's got nine lives,  a millionaire's got a million dollars,  king saud's got four hundred wives.  well, ev'rybody's got somethin'  that they're lookin' forward to.  i'm lookin' forward to when i can do it all again  and babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, if i had my way tomorrow or today,  babe, i'd run circles all around.  i'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin,  i'd even dance a jig on the ground.  well, everybody gets their hour,  everybody gets their time,  little david when he picked up his pebbles,  even sampson after he went blind.  well, everybody gets the chance  to do what they want to do.  when my time arrives you better run for your life  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, i don't need no money, i just need a day that's sunny,  baby, and my days are gonna come.  and i grab me a pint, you know that i'm a giant  when you hear me yellin', "fee-fi-fo-fum."  well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle,  you made me to a walkin' wreck,  then you pushed my heart through my backbone,  then you knocked off my head from my neck.  well, if i'm ever standin' steady  a-doin' what i want to do,  well, i tell you little lover that you better run for cover  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    i'm just restin' at your gate so that i won't be late  and, momma, i'm a-just sittin' on the shelf.  look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there  just a-fumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself.  well, after my cigarette's been smoked up,  after all my liquor's been drunk,  after my dreams are dreamed out,  after all my thoughts have been thunk,  well, after i do some of these things,  i'm gonna do what i have to do.  and i tell you on the side, that you better run and hide  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you."there must be some way out of here," said the joker to the thief, "there's too much confusion, i can't get no relief. businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth, none of them along the line know what any of it is worth."  "no reason to get excited," the thief, he kindly spoke, "there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. but you and i, we've been through that, and this is not our fate, so let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late."  all along the watchtower, princes kept the view while all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too.  outside in the distance a wildcat did growl, two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.sixteen years, sixteen banners united over the field where the good shepherd grieves. desperate men, desperate women divided, spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.  fortune calls. i stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace, merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down. she's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born, on midsummer's eve, near the tower.  the cold-blooded moon. the captain waits above the celebration sending his thoughts to a beloved maid whose ebony face is beyond communication. the captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.  they shaved her head. she was torn between jupiter and apollo. a messenger arrived with a black nightingale. i seen her on the stairs and i couldn't help but follow, follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.  i stumbled to my feet. i rode past destruction in the ditches with the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo. renegade priests and treacherous young witches were handing out the flowers that i'd given to you.  the palace of mirrors where dog soldiers are reflected, the endless road and the wailing of chimes, the empty rooms where her memory is protected, where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.  she wakes him up forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks. she's begging to know what measures he now will be taking. he's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.  gentlemen, he said, i don't need your organization, i've shined your shoes, i've moved your mountains and marked your cards but eden is burning, either brace yourself for elimination or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.  peace will come with tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire but will bring us no reward when her false idols fall and cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating between the king and the queen of swords.i got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kids but my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid she's a junkyard angel and she always gives me the bread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, when the pipeline gets broken and i'm lost on the river bridge i'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge and then she comes down the thruway, ready to sew me up with a thread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much she walks like bo diddley and she don't need no crutch she keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, you know i need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead i need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head she brings me everything and more, and just like i said well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bedgo 'way from my window leave at your own chosen speed i'm not the one you want, babe i'm not the one you need you say you're lookin' for someone who's never weak but always strong to protect you an' defend you whether you are right or wrong someone to open each and every door but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go lightly from the ledge, babe go lightly on the ground i'm not the one you want, babe i will only let your down you say you're lookin' for someone who will promise never to part someone to close his eyes for you someone to close his heart someone who will die for you an' more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go melt back into the night everything inside is made of stone there's nothing in here moving an' anyway i'm not alone you say you're looking for someone who'll pick you up each time you fall to gather flowers constantly an' to come each time you call a lover for you life an' nothing more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me, babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.listen to me, baby, there's something you must see. i want to be with you, gal, if you want to be with me.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm questionin' you. to take part in any quiz. it's just that i ain't got no watch an' you keep askin' me what time it is.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  i am just a poor boy, baby, lookin' to connect. but i certainly don't want you thinkin' that i ain't got any respect.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  you know i'd have nightmares and a guilty conscience, too, if i kept you from anything that you really wanted to do.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm wantin' anything you never gave before. it's just that i'll be sleepin' soon, it'll be too dark for you to find the door.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.well, i'm stranded in the city that never sleeps some of these women they just give me the creeps i'm avoidin' the southside the best i can these memories i got, they can strangle a man  well i came ashore in the dead of the night lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm not sorry for nothin' i've done i'm glad i fought - i only wish we'd won the siamese twins are comin' to town people can't wait - they're gathered around  when i left my home the sky split open wide i never wanted to go back there - i'd rather have died you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  my woman got a face like a teddy bear she's tossin' a baseball bat in the air the meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword i'm crashin' my car, trunk first into the boards  you say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice well, i'll sell it to ya at a reduced price you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me, if only you knew  some things are too terrible to be true i won't come here no more if it bothers you the southern pacific leaving at nine forty-five i'm having a hard time believin' some people were ever alive  i'm stark naked, but i don't care i'm going off into the woods, i'm huntin' bare you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm here to create the new imperial empire i'm going to do whatever circumstances require i care so much for you - didn't think that i could i can't tell my heart that you're no good  well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knewuttering idle words from a reprobate mind,  clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine, never bein' able to separate the good from the bad, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, it's makin' me feel so bad.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.  do you have any faith at all? do you have any love to share? the way that you hold your head, cursin' god with every move, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, what are you tryin' to prove?  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  the glamor ad the bright lights and the politics of sin, the ghetto you build for me is the one you end up in, the race of the engine that overrules your heart, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, pretending that you're so smart.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  what are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun? my back is already to the wall, where can i run? the tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, you want to take me down to hell.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.early one morning the sun was shining i was laying in bed wond'ring if she'd changed it all if her hair was still red her folks they said our lives together sure was gonna be rough they never did like mama's homemade dress papa's bankbook wasn't big enough and i was standing on the side of the road rain falling on my shoes heading out for the east coast lord knows i've paid some dues getting through tangled up in blue.  she was married when we first meet soon to be divorced i helped her out of a jam i guess but i used a little too much force we drove that car as far as we could abandoned it out west split it up on a dark sad night both agreeing it was best she turned around to look at me as i was walking away i heard her say over my shoulder "we'll meet again someday on the avenue" tangled up in blue.  i had a job in the great north woods working as a cook for a spell but i never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell so i drifted down to new orleans where i happened to be employed working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of delacroix but all the while i was alone  the past was close behind i seen a lot of women but she never escaped my mind my love just grew tangled up in blue.  she was working in a topless place and i stopped in for a beer i just kept looking at her side of her face in the spotlight so clear and later on as the crowd thinned out i's just about to do the same she was standing there in back of my chair saying "jimmy, don't i know your name ?" i muttered something underneath my breath she studied the lines on my face i must admit i felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe tangled up in blue.  she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe "i thought you'd never say hello" she said "you look like the silent type" then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me written by an italian poet from the thirteenth century and every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul from me to you tangled up in blue  i lived with them on montague street in a basement down the stairs there was music in the caf,s at night and revolution in the air then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died she had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside and when finally the bottom fell out  i became withdrawn the only thing i knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew tangled up in blue.  so now i'm going back again i got to get her somehow all the people we used to know they're an illusion to me now some are mathematicians some are carpenter's wives don't know how it all got started i don't what they're doing with their lives but me i'm still on the road heading for another joint we always did feel the same we just saw it from a different point of view tangled up in blue.by bob dylan    i was sittin' on a stump  down in new orleans,  i was feelin' kinda low down,  dirty and mean.  along came a fella  and he didn't even ask.  he says, "i know of a woman  that can fix you up fast."  i didn't think twice,  i said like i should,  "let's go find this lady  that can do me some good."  we walked across the river  on a sailin' spree  and we came to a door  called one-oh-three.    i was just about ready  to give it a little knock  when out comes a fella  who couldn't even walk.  he's linkin' and a-slinkin',  couldn't stand on his feet,  and he moaned and he groaned  and he shuffled down the street.  well, out of the door  there comes another man.  he wiggled and he wobbled,  he couldn't hardly stand.  he had this frightened  look in his eyes,  like he just fought a bear,  he was ready to die.    well, i peeked through the key crack,  comin' down the hall  was a long-legged man  who couldn't hardly crawl.  he muttered and he uttered  in broken french,  and he looked like he'd been through  a monkey wrench.    well, by this time  i was a-scared to knock,  i was a-scared to move,  i's in a state of shock.  i hummed a little tune  and i shuffled my feet  and i started walkin' backwards  down that broad street.  well, i got to the corner,  i tried my best to smile.  i turned around the corner  and i ran a bloody mile.  man, i wasn't runnin'  'cause i was sick,  i was just a-runnin'  to get out of there quick.    well, i tripped right along  and i'm a-wheezin' in my chest.  i musta run a mile  in a minute or less.  i walked on a log  and i tripped on a stump,  i caught a fast freight  with a one-arm jump.  so, if you're travelin' down  louisiana way,  and you feel kinda lonesome  and you need a place to stay,  man, you're better off  in your misery  than to tackle that lady  at one-oh-three.by bob dylan    i was sittin' on a stump  down in new orleans,  i was feelin' kinda low down,  dirty and mean.  along came a fella  and he didn't even ask.  he says, "i know of a woman  that can fix you up fast."  i didn't think twice,  i said like i should,  "let's go find this lady  that can do me some good."  we walked across the river  on a sailin' spree  and we came to a door  called one-oh-three.    i was just about ready  to give it a little knock  when out comes a fella  who couldn't even walk.  he's linkin' and a-slinkin',  couldn't stand on his feet,  and he moaned and he groaned  and he shuffled down the street.  well, out of the door  there comes another man.  he wiggled and he wobbled,  he couldn't hardly stand.  he had this frightened  look in his eyes,  like he just fought a bear,  he was ready to die.    well, i peeked through the key crack,  comin' down the hall  was a long-legged man  who couldn't hardly crawl.  he muttered and he uttered  in broken french,  and he looked like he'd been through  a monkey wrench.    well, by this time  i was a-scared to knock,  i was a-scared to move,  i's in a state of shock.  i hummed a little tune  and i shuffled my feet  and i started walkin' backwards  down that broad street.  well, i got to the corner,  i tried my best to smile.  i turned around the corner  and i ran a bloody mile.  man, i wasn't runnin'  'cause i was sick,  i was just a-runnin'  to get out of there quick.    well, i tripped right along  and i'm a-wheezin' in my chest.  i musta run a mile  in a minute or less.  i walked on a log  and i tripped on a stump,  i caught a fast freight  with a one-arm jump.  so, if you're travelin' down  louisiana way,  and you feel kinda lonesome  and you need a place to stay,  man, you're better off  in your misery  than to tackle that lady  at one-oh-three.god knows you ain't pretty, god knows it's true. god knows there ain't anybody ever gonna take the place of you.  god knows it's a struggle, god knows it's a crime, god knows there's gonna be no more water but fire next time.  [bridge #1:] god didn't call it treason, god didn't call it wrong, it was supposed to last a season but it's been so strong for so long.  god knows it's fragile, god knows everything, god knows it could snap apart right now just like putting scissors to a string.  [bridge #2:] god knows it's terrifying, god sees it all unfold, there's a million reasons for you to be crying you been so bold and so cold.  god knows that when you see it, god knows you've got to weep, god knows the secrets of your heart, he'll tell them to you when you're asleep.  god knows there's a river, god knows how to make it flow, god knows you ain't gonna be taking nothing with you when you go.  god knows there's a purpose, god knows there's a chance, god knows you can rise above the darkest hour of any circumstance.  god knows there's a heaven, god knows it's out of sight, god knows we can get all the way from here to there even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight.the eastern world it is explodin' violence flarin', bullets loadin' you're old enough to kill but not for votin' you don't believe in war, what's that gun you're totin' and even the jordan river has bodies floatin'  but you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  don't you understand, what i'm trying to say? can't you feel the fears that i'm feeling today? if the button is pushed, there's no running away there'll be no one to save with the world in a grave take a look around you, boy, it's bound to scare you, boy  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulatin' i'm sittin' here, just contemplatin' i can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation handful of senators don't pass legislation and marches alone can't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin' this whole crazy world is just too frustratin'  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  think of all the hate there is in red china then take a look around to selma, alabama ah, you may leave here, for four days in space but when your return, it's the same old place the poundin' of the drums, the pride and disgrace you can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace hate your next-door-neighbor, but don't forget to say grace  and you tell me over and over and over and over again my friend you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction you don't believe we're on the eve of destructionby bob dylan    i was sittin' on a stump  down in new orleans,  i was feelin' kinda low down,  dirty and mean.  along came a fella  and he didn't even ask.  he says, "i know of a woman  that can fix you up fast."  i didn't think twice,  i said like i should,  "let's go find this lady  that can do me some good."  we walked across the river  on a sailin' spree  and we came to a door  called one-oh-three.    i was just about ready  to give it a little knock  when out comes a fella  who couldn't even walk.  he's linkin' and a-slinkin',  couldn't stand on his feet,  and he moaned and he groaned  and he shuffled down the street.  well, out of the door  there comes another man.  he wiggled and he wobbled,  he couldn't hardly stand.  he had this frightened  look in his eyes,  like he just fought a bear,  he was ready to die.    well, i peeked through the key crack,  comin' down the hall  was a long-legged man  who couldn't hardly crawl.  he muttered and he uttered  in broken french,  and he looked like he'd been through  a monkey wrench.    well, by this time  i was a-scared to knock,  i was a-scared to move,  i's in a state of shock.  i hummed a little tune  and i shuffled my feet  and i started walkin' backwards  down that broad street.  well, i got to the corner,  i tried my best to smile.  i turned around the corner  and i ran a bloody mile.  man, i wasn't runnin'  'cause i was sick,  i was just a-runnin'  to get out of there quick.    well, i tripped right along  and i'm a-wheezin' in my chest.  i musta run a mile  in a minute or less.  i walked on a log  and i tripped on a stump,  i caught a fast freight  with a one-arm jump.  so, if you're travelin' down  louisiana way,  and you feel kinda lonesome  and you need a place to stay,  man, you're better off  in your misery  than to tackle that lady  at one-oh-three.like the lion tears the flesh off of a man so can a woman who passes herself off as a male they sang "danny boy" at his funeral and the lord's prayer preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head he feeds off of everyone that he can touch he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash he's not somebody that you play around with much miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is she'll do wondrous works with your fate feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors how to enter into the gates of paradise no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in sing "amazing grace" all the way to the swiss banks  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  they got some beautiful people out there, man they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue they got mystery written all over their forehead they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young they don't believe in mercy judgment on them is something that you'll never see they can exalt you up or bring you down main route turn you into anything that they want you to be  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  yes, i guess i loved him too i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped struck down by the strength of the will ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid from now on, this'll be where you're from let the dead bury the dead. your time will come let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' backsmoky autumn night, stars up in the sky, i see the sailin' boats across the bay go by. eucalyptus trees hang above the street and then i turn my head, for you're approachin' me. moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room with a golden loom.  first we wash our feet near the immortal shrine and then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine. i see the hungry clouds up above your face and then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste. and then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom  with your golden loom.  i walk across the bridge in the dismal light where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night. i see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail and then i kiss your lips as i lift your veil. but you're gone and then all i seem to recall is the smell of perfume and your golden loom.oh well, i love you pretty baby you're the only love i've ever known just as long as you stay with me the whole world is my throne beyond here lies nothin' nothing we can call our own  well, i'm moving after midnight down boulevards of broken cars don't know what i do without it without this love that we call ours beyond here lies nothin' nothing but the moon and stars  down every street there's a window and every window made of glass we'll keep on loving pretty baby for as long as love will last beyond here lies nothin' but the mountains of the past  well my ship is in the harbor and the sails are spread listen to me, pretty baby lay your hand upon my head beyond here lies nothin' nothing done and nothing saidin the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandcome gather 'round people wherever you roam and admit that the waters around you have grown and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone. if your time to you is worth savin' then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stone for the times they are a-changin'.  come writers and critics who prophesize with your pen and keep your eyes wide the chance won't come again and don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin and there's no tellin' who that it's namin'. for the loser now will be later to win for the times they are a-changin'.  come senators, congressmen please heed the call don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall for he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled there's a battle outside and it is ragin'. it'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls for the times they are a-changin'.  come mothers and fathers throughout the land and don't criticize what you can't understand your sons and your daughters are beyond your command your old road is rapidly agin'. please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand for the times they are a-changin'.  the line it is drawn the curse it is cast the slow one now will later be fast as the present now will later be past the order is rapidly fadin'. and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin'.one evening for pleasure i rambled to view the fair fields all alone down by the banks of loch eiron where beauty and pleasure were known.  i spied a fair maid at her labour which caused me to stay for a while and i thought of a goddess to beauty bloomin' bright star of bright isle.  i humbled myself to her beauty "fair maiden, where do you belong ? are you from heaven descended abiding in cupid's fair throne ?".  "young man, i will tell you a secret it's true i'm a maid that is poor and to part from my vows and my promise is more than my heart can endure.  therefore i remain at my service and go through all my hardship and toil and wait for the lad that has left me all alone on the banks of belle isle".  "young maiden i wish not to banter it's true i come here in disguise i came here to fulfill our last promise and hope to give you a surprise.  i've known you're a maid i love dearly and you've been in my heart all the while for me there is no other damsel than my bloomin' bright star of belle isle".i've just reached a place where the willow don't bend. there's not much more to be said it's the top of the end. i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i'm closin' the book on the pages and the text and i don't really care what happens next. i'm just going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i been hangin' on threads, i been playin' it straight, now, i've just got to cut loose before it gets late. so i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  grandma said, "boy, go and follow your heart and you'll be fine at the end of the line. all that's gold isn't meant to shine. don't you and your one true love ever part."  i been walkin' the road, i been livin' on the edge, now, i've just got to go before i get to the ledge. so i'm going, i'm just going, i'm gone.heart of mine be still you can play with fire but you'll get the bill don't let her know don't let her know that you love her don't be a fool, don't be blind heart of mine.  heart of mine go back home you got no reason to wander, no reason to roam  don't let her see don't let her see that you need her don't put yourself over the line heart of mine.  heart of mine go back where you have been it'll only be trouble for you if you let her in don't let her hear don't let her hear you want her don't let her hear know she's so fine heart of mine.  heart of mine you know that she'll never be true she'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you don't let her know don't let her know where you're going don't untie the ties that bind heart of mine.  hear of mine so malicious and so full of guile give you an inch and you'll take a mile don't let yourself fall don't let yourself stumble if you can't do the time, don't do the crime heart of mine.honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, i'm a-walkin' down the road with my head in my hand, i'm lookin' for a woman needs a worried man. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your aeroplane. honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your passenger train. well, i've been lookin' all over for a gal like you, i can't find nobody so you'll have to do. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, lookin' for a woman that ain't got no man, is just lookin' for a needle that is lost in the sand. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin' now, for recreation, we went on a tramp, and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp and a little wee drummer intending to camp, for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  "good morning, good morning," the sergeant he cried. "and the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply, intending no harm but meant to pass by, for it bein' on christmas mornin' "but," says he, "my fine fellows, if you will enlist, ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist, and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust, and drink the king's health in the morning.  "for a soldier, he leads a very fine life, and he always is blessed with a charming young wife, and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife, and he always lives pleasant and charmin', and a soldier, he always is decent and clean, in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen. while other poor fellows go dirty and mean, and sup on thin gruel in the morning."  "but," says arthur, "i wouldn't be proud of your clothes, for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose, but you dare not change them one night, for you know if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning, and although that we're single and free, we take great delight in our own company, we have no desire strange places to see, although that your offers are charming.  "and we have no desire to take your advance, all hazards and dangers we barter on chance, for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france, where we would get shot without warning," "oh no," says the sergeant. "i'll have no such chat, and neither will i take it from snappy young brats, for if you insult me with one other word, i'll cut off your heads in the morning."  and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs, and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades when a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning. and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides, we flung them as far as we could in the tide, "now take them up, devils!" cried arthur mcbride, "and temper their edge in the mornin'!"  and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow, and we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow, threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll, and bade it a tedious returning, and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks. we paid no respect to their two bloody backs, and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.  and so, to conclude and to finish disputes, we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits, for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin'while riding on a train goin' west, i fell asleep for to take my rest. i dreamed a dream that made me sad, concerning myself and the first few friends i had.  with half-damp eyes i stared to the room where my friends and i spent many an afternoon, where we together weathered many a storm, laughin' and singin' till the early hours of the morn.  by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung, our words were told, our songs were sung, where we longed for nothin' and were quite satisfied talkin' and a-jokin' about the world outside.  with haunted hearts through the heat and cold, we never thought we could ever get old. we thought we could sit forever in fun but our chances really was a million to one.  as easy it was to tell black from white, it was all that easy to tell wrong from right. and our choices were few and the thought never hit that the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split.  how many a year has passed and gone, and many a gamble has been lost and won, and many a road taken by many a friend, and each one i've never seen again.  i wish, i wish, i wish in vain, that we could sit simply in that room again. ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat, i'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that.feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well look over yonder, to that buryin' ground look over yonder, to that buryin' ground sure seems lonesome, lord when the sun goes down  feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head, up above my head well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head can tell jesus, "make up my dyin' bed"  well i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die yes i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die, fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'are you ready, are you ready? are you ready, are you ready?  are you ready to meet jesus? are you where you ought to be? will he know you when he sees you or will he say, "depart from me"?  are you ready, hope you're ready am i ready, am i ready? am i ready, am i ready?  am i ready to lay down my life for the brethren and to take up my cross? have i surrendered to the will of god or am i still like the boss?  am i ready, hope i'm ready. when the destruction cometh swiftly and there's no time to say a fare-thee-well have you decided whether you want to be in heaven or in hell?  are you ready, are you ready? have you got some unfinished business? is there something holding you back? are you thinking for yourself or are you following the pack?  are you ready, hope you're ready are you ready?  are you ready for the judgment? are you ready for that terrible swift sword? are you ready for armageddon? are you ready for the day of the lord?  are you ready, i hope you're ready?by bob dylan    well, your clock is gonna stop  at saint peter's gate.  ya gonna ask him what time it is,  he's gonna say, "it's too late."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna start to sweat  and you ain't gonna stop.  you're gonna have a nightmare  and never wake up.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna cry for pills  and your head's gonna be in a knot,  but the pills are gonna cost more  than what you've got.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna have to walk naked,  can't ride in no car.  you're gonna let ev'rybody see  just what you are.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    well, the good wine's a-flowin'  for five cents a quart.  you're gonna look in your moneybags  and find you're one cent short.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna yell and scream,  "don't anybody care?"  you're gonna hear out a voice say,  "shoulda listened when you heard the word down there."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.well i wandered alone, through a desert of stone, and i dreamed of my future wife. my sword's in my hand, and i'm next in command, in this version of death called life. my plate and my cup, are right straight up, i took a rose from the hand of a child. when i kiss your lips, the honey drips, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  every day we meet, on any old street, and you're in your girlish prime. the short and the tall, are coming to the ball, i go there all the time. behind every tree, there's something to see, the river is wider than a mile. i tried you twice, you can't be nice, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  here come the nurse, with money in her purse, here come the ladies and men. you push it all in, and you've no chance to win, you play 'em on down to the end. i'm laying in the sand, getting a sunshine tan, moving along, riding in style. from my toes to my head, you knock me dead, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  i count the years, and i shed no tears, i'm blinded to what might have been. nature's voice, makes my heart rejoice, play me the wild song of the wind. i found hopeless love, in the room above, when the sun and the weather were riled. you're as fine as wine, i ain't handing you no line, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  all the merry little elves, can go hang themselves, my faith is as cold as can be. i'm stacked high to the roof, and i'm not without proof, if you don't believe me, come see. you think i'm blue, i think so, too, in my words you'll find no guile. the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.i wish i was in the land of cotton old times there are not forgotten look away, look away, look away to dixie land  [chorus] in dixie land where i was born early on one frosty morn look away, look away, look away to dixie land  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie  [chorus]  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixiecovenant woman got a contract with the lord way up yonder, great will be her reward. covenant woman, shining like a morning star, i know i can trust you to stay where you are.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  i've been broken, shattered like an empty cup. i'm just waiting on the lord to rebuild and fill me up and i know he will do it 'cause he's faithful and he's true, he must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  covenant woman, intimate little girl who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world. you know we are strangers in a land we're passing through. i'll always be right by your side, i've got a covenant too.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.she came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood she cried both day and night i know it because it was there. it's a milestone, but she's down on her luck and she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book i would then.  i believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care i believe that she'd look upon beside him to care and i go by the lord and where she's on my way, but i don't belong there. no i don't belong to her, i don't belong to every choir she's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry she's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on when i'm there she's alright, but when she's not when i'm gone. heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one she's the way for sailing beautiful she's mine for the one and i lost her attention by tempation as it runs but she don't bother me but i'm not there i'm gone.  now i've cried tonight like i cried the night before and i'm leased on the high some but i dream about the door it's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale it don't hang approximation she smiled fare thee well.  now when i'll treat the way we all was born to love her but she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her and i run but i wait and it's not too fast or slam but i'll not perceive her i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's all about division and i cry for a bail i don't need anybody now beside me to tell and it's all affirmation i received but it's not she's a long haunting beauty but she's gone like the spark  and she's gone.  yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday but now she's home beside me and i'd like to hear to stay she's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone now i wish i was beside her but i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's too hard to stake in and i don't far believe it's a bag full it's amusing that she's hard too hard to lead. it's a load, it's a crime the way she mauled me around was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  yes i believe that it's rightful oh i believe it in my mind i been told like i said one night before carry on the grind. and this song gypsy told her like i said carry on i wish i was there to help her but i'm not there i'm gone.buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?corrina, corrina, gal, where you been so long? corrina, corrina,  gal, where you been so long? i been worr'in' 'bout you, baby, baby, please come home.  i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. but i ain' a-got corrina, life don't mean a thing.  corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. i'm a-thinkin' 'bout you, baby, i just can't keep from crying.if i had wings like noah's dove i'd fly the river to the one i love fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well. i had a man, who was long and tall, moved his body like a cannon ball. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  'member one evening, it was drizzling rain and in my heart i felt an aching pain. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  once i wore my apron low, been a-keep' you away from my door. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  now my apron is up to my chin, you pass my door but you never come in. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  muddy river runs muddy 'n' wild, you can't care the bloody for my unborn child. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  number nine train ain' done no harm, number nine train take my poor baby home. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  fastest man i ever saw skid missouri on the way to arkansas. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.i'm just average, common too i'm just like him, the same as you i'm everybody's brother and son i ain't different from anyone it ain't no use a-talking to me it's just the same as talking to you.  i was shadow-boxing earlier in the day i figured i was ready for cassius clay i said "fee, fie, fo, fum, cassius clay, here i come 26, 27, 28, 29, i'm gonna make your face look just like mine five, four, three, two, one, cassius clay you'd better run 99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen."  well, i don't know, but i've been told the streets in heaven are lined with gold i ask you how things could get much worse if the russians happen to get up there first. wowee! pretty scary!  now, i'm liberal, but to a degree i want ev'rybody to be free but if you think that i'll let barry goldwater move in next door and marry my daughter you must think i'm crazy! i wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in cuba.  well, i set my monkey on the log and ordered him to do the dog he wagged his tail and shook his head and he went and did the cat instead he's a weird monkey, very funky.  i sat with my high-heeled sneakers on waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist and my wig-hat was falling in my face but they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.  i gotta woman, she's so mean she sticks my boots in the washing machine sticks me with buckshot when i'm nude puts bubblegum in my food she's funny, wants my money, calls me "honey."  now i gotta friend who spends his life stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife dreams of strangling me with a scarf when my name comes up he pretends to barf. i've got a million friends!  now they asked me to read a poem at the sorority sister's home i got knocked down and my head was swimmin' i wound up with the dean of women yippee! i'm a poet, and i know it. hope i don't blow it.  i'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange so i look like a walking mountain range and i'm gonna ride into omaha on a horse out to the country club and the golf course. carry the new york times, shoot a few holes, blow their minds.  now you're probably wondering by now just what this song is all about what's probably got you baffled more is what this thing here is for. it's nothing it's something i learned over in england.well my heart's in the highlands, gentle and fair  honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air  bluebells blazing where the aberdeen waters flow  well my heart's in the highlands  i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go  windows were shaking all night in my dreams  everything was exactly the way that it seems  woke up this mornin' and i looked at the same old page/pain/paint?  same old rat race, life in the same old cage  i don't want nothin' from anyone, ain't that much to take  wouldn't know the difference between a real blond and a fake  feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery  i wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me  well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam  that's where i'll be when i get called home  the wind it whispers to the buckeye trees of rhyme  well my heart's in the highlands  i can only get there one step at a time  i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound  someone's always yellin' "turn it down"  feel like i'm driftin', driftin' from scene to scene  i'm wonderin' what in the devil could it all possibly mean  insanity is smashin' up against my soul  you could say i was on anything but a roll  if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top  what would i do with it anyway, maybe take it to the pawn shop  my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn  by the beautiful lake of the black swan  big white clouds like chariots that swing down low  well my heart's in the highlands only place left to go  i'm in boston town in some restaurant  i got no idea what i want  or maybe i do but i'm just really not sure  waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her  well it must be a holiday, there's nobody around  she studies me closely as i sit down  she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs  i said "tell me what i want"  she say "you probably want hard boiled eggs"  i said "that's right, bring me some"  she says "we ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come"  then she says "i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me"  i said "i would if i could but  i don't do sketches from memory"  well she's?? near she says "i'm right here in front of you or haven't  you looked"  i say "all right i know but i don't have my drawin' book"  she gives me a napkin, she say "you can do it on that"  i say "yes i could but i don't know where my pencil is at"  she pulls one out from behind her ear  she says "alright now go ahead draw me i'm stayin' right here"  i make a few lines and i show it for her to see  well she takes the napkin and throws it back and says  "that don't look a thing like me"  i said "oh kind miss, it most certainly does"  she say "you must be joking", i said "i wish i was"  she says "you don't read women authors do ya?"  at least that's what i think i hear her say  well i say "how would you know, and what would it matter anyway"  well she says "ya just don't seem like ya do", i said "you're way wrong"  she says "which ones have you read then?", i say "read erica jong"  she goes away for a minute, and i slide out, out of my chair  i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's goin' anywhere  well my heart's in the highlands with the horses and hounds  way up in the border country far from the towns  with the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow  my heart's in the highlands, can't see any other way to go  every day is the same thing, out the door  feel further away than ever before  some things in life it just gets too late to learn  well i'm lost somewhere, i must have made a few bad turns  i see people in the park, forgettin' their troubles and woes  they're drinkin' and dancin', wearin' bright colored clothes  all the young men with the young women lookin' so good  well i'd trade places with any of 'em, in a minute if i could  i'm crossin' the street to get away from a mangy dog  talkin' to myself in a monologue  i think what i need might be a full length leather coat  somebody just asked me if i'm registered to vote  the sun is beginnin' to shine on me  but it's not like the sun that used to be  the party's over and there's less and less to say  i got new eyes, everything looks far away  well my heart's in the highlands at the break of day  over the hills and far away  there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow  well i'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for nowi hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road. the stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel, i hate myself for lovin' you and i'm glad the curtain fell.  i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed and the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed? i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within, that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.  heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped, acting out his folly while his back is being whipped. like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame, all for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.  there are those who worship loneliness, i'm not one of them, in this age of fiberglass i'm searching for a gem. the crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet, i've paid the price of solitude, but at last i'm out of debt.  can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me 'cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees. we stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break, no use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?  so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine, the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen. lady luck, who shines on me, will tell you where i'm at, i hate myself for lovin' you, but i should get over that.there's a whole lot of people suffering tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people struggling tonight from the disease of conceit comes right down the highway straight down the line rips into your senses through your body and your mind nothing about it that's sweet the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of hearts shaking tonight from the disease of conceit steps into your eats into your soul over your senses you have no control ain't nothing too discreet about the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of people dying tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people crying tonight from the disease of conceit comes right out of nowhere and you're down for the count from the outside world the pressure will mount turn you into a piece of meat the disease of conceit.  conceit is the disease that the doctors got no cure they've done a lot of research on it but what it is they're still not sure.  there's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people seeing trouble tonight fro the disease of conceit give you delusions of grandeur an evil eye give you the idea that you're too good to die the they bury you from head to feet from the disease of conceit.by bob dylan    yes, the gal i got  i swear she's the screaming end  she wants me to be a hero  so she can tell all her friends    well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  she wants me to go out  and find somebody to fight    she reads too many books  she got new movies inside her head  she reads too many books  she got movies inside her head  she wants me to walk out running  she wants me to crawl back dead    you need a different kinda man, babe  one that can grab and hold your heart  need a different kind of man, babe  one that can hold and grab your heart  you need a different kind of man, babe  you need napoleon boneeparte    well, when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  you can stand and shout hero  all over my lonesome graveone by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.as i went out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine's, i spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains. i offer'd her my hand, she took me by the arm. i knew that very instant, she meant to do me harm.  "depart from me this moment," i told her with my voice. said she, "but i don't wish to," said i, "but you have no choice." "i beg you, sir," she pleaded from the corners of her mouth, "i will secretly accept you and together we'll fly south."  just then tom paine, himself, came running from across the field, shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield. and as she was letting go her grip, up tom paine did run, "i'm sorry, sir," he said to me, "i'm sorry for what she's done."frankie was a good girl everybody knows paid one hundred dollars for albert's new suit of clothes he was her man but he done her wrong.  albert said "i'm leaving you" won't be gone for long don't wait up for me a-worry about me when i'm gone he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to the corner saloon get a bucket of beer said to the bartender "has my lovin' man been her ?" he was her man but he done her wrong.  "well, i ain't gonna tell you no stories i ain't gonna tell you no lies i saw albert an hour ago with a gal named alice bly" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to 12th street lookin' up through the window high she saw her albert there lovin' up alice bly he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie pulled out a pistol pulled out a forty-four gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot and albert fell on the floor he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie got down upon her knees took albert into her lap started to hug and kiss him but there was no bringin' him back he was her man but he done her wrong.  "gimme a thousand policemen throw me into a cell i shot my albert dead and now i'm goin' to hell" he was my man but he done me wrong.  judge said to the jury "plain as a thing can be a woman shot her lover down murder in the second degree" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went to the scaffold calm as a girl could be turned her eyes up toward the heavens said "nearer, my god, to thee" he was her man but he done her wrong.he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i think about him now lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine  he died on the road he died on the road he never had enough money to pay his room or board and he was a friend of mine  i stole away and cried i stole away and cried 'cause i never had too much money and i never been quite satisfied and he was a friend of mine  he never done no wrong he never done no wrong a thousand miles from home and he never harmed no one and he was a friend of mine  he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i hear his name lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine.mary wore three links of chain every link was jesus name keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  mary, mark, luke and john all these prophets are dead and gone keep your hand on that plow, hold on  oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  well, i've never been to heaven but i've been told streets up there are lined with gold keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.covenant woman got a contract with the lord way up yonder, great will be her reward. covenant woman, shining like a morning star, i know i can trust you to stay where you are.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  i've been broken, shattered like an empty cup. i'm just waiting on the lord to rebuild and fill me up and i know he will do it 'cause he's faithful and he's true, he must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  covenant woman, intimate little girl who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world. you know we are strangers in a land we're passing through. i'll always be right by your side, i've got a covenant too.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.they say evrything can be replaced, yet every distance is not near. so i remember every face of every man who put me here. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  they say every man needs protection, they say every man must fall. yet i swear i see my reflection some place so high above this wall. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  standing next to me in this lonely crowd, is a man who swears he's not to blame. all day long i hear him shout so loud, crying out that he was framed. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.down over the window from the dazzling sunlit rays through the back alleys, through the blinds another one of them endless days  honey bees are buzzing leaves begin to stir i'm in love with my second cousin i tell myself i could be happy forever with her  i keep listening for footsteps but i ain't never hearing any from the boat, i fish for bullheads i catch a lot, sometimes too many  a summer breeze is blowin' a squall is setting in sometimes it's just plain stupid to get into any kind of wind  well the old men 'round here sometimes they get on bad terms with the younger men, old, young, age don't carry weight it doesn't matter in the end  one of the boss' hangers-on sometimes comes to call at times you least expect tryin' to bully you, strongarm you, inspire you with fear it has the opposite effect  there's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town the old one is long gone 10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across burns with the bark still on  they say times are hard if you don't believe it you can follow your nose it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere we'll just have to see how it goes  my old man, he's like some feudal lord he's got more lives than a cat i've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once things come alive or they fall flat  you can smell the pine wood burnin' you can hear the school bell ring got to get up near the teacher, if you can if you wanna learn anything  romeo, he said to juliet, you got a poor complexion it don't give you an appearance or a youthful touch juliet said back to romeo, why don't you just shove off, if it bothers you so much  they got outta here any way they could cold rain can give you the shivers they went down the ohio, the cumberland, the tennessee, all the rest of them rebel rivers  if you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again, you do so at the peril of your life i'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as i sound i've seen enough heartache and strife  my grandfather was a duck trapper, he could do it with just dragnets and ropes (?) my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth, i don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.  i had 'em once, though i suppose to go along with all the ring dancing, christmas carols and all the christmas eves i left all my dreams and hopes buried under tobacco leaves  not always easy kicking someone up got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task sometimes somebody wants you to give something up and tears or not, it's too much to ask.you may be an ambassador to england or france, you may like to gamble, you might like to dance, you may be the heavyweight champion of the world, you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls  [chorus:] but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed you're gonna have to serve somebody, well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord  but you're gonna have to serve somebody.  you might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage, you might have drugs at your command, women in a cage, you may be a business man or some high degree thief,  they may call you doctor or they may call you chief  [chorus:]  you may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk, you may be the head of some big tv network, you may be rich or poor,  you may be blind or lame,  you may be living in another country under another name  [chorus:]  you may be a construction worker working on a home, you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome, you might own guns and you might even own tanks, you might be somebody's landlord, you might even own banks  [chorus:]  you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride, you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side, you may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair, you may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir  [chorus:]  might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk, might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk, you might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,  you may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed  [chorus:]  you may call me terry, you may call me timmy, you may call me bobby, you may call me zimmy, you may call me r.j., you may call me ray,  you may call me anything but no matter what you say  [chorus:]may god bless and keep you always  may your wishes all come true may you always do for others  and let others do for you may you build a ladder to the stars  and climb on every rung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may you grow up to be righteous  may you grow up to be true may you always know the truth  and see the lights surrounding you may you always be courageous  stand upright and be strong may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may your hands always be busy  may your feet always be swift may you have a strong foundation  when the winds of changes shift may your heart always be joyful  and may your song always be sung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.i sang the song slowly as she stood in the shadows she stepped to the light as my silver strings spun she called with her eyes to the tune i's a-playin' but the song it was long and i'd only begun  through a bullet of light her face was reflectin' the fast fading words that rolled from my tongue with a long-distance look her eyes was on fire but the song it was long and there was more to be sung.  my eyes danced a circle across her clear outline with her head tilted sideways she called me again as the tune drifted out she breathed hard through the echo but the song it was long and it was far to the end  i glanced at my guitar and played it pretendin' that of all the eyes out there i could see none as her thoughts pounded hard like the pierce of an arrow but the song it was long and it had to get done  as the tune finally folded i laid down the guitar then looked for the girl who'd stayed for so long but her shadow was missin' for all of my searchin' so i picked up my guitar and began the next songit ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe it don't matter, anyhow an' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe if you don't know by now when your rooster crows at the break of dawn look out your window and i'll be gone you're the reason i'm trav'lin' on don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe that light i never knowed an' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe i'm on the dark side of the road still i wish there was somethin' you would do or say to try and make me change my mind and stay we never did too much talkin' anyway so don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal like you never did before it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal i can't hear you any more i'm a-thinkin' and a-wond'rin' all the way down the road i once loved a woman, a child i'm told i give her my heart but she wanted my soul but don't think twice, it's all right  i'm walkin' down that long, lonesome road, babe where i'm bound, i can't tell but goodbye's too good a word, gal so i'll just say fare thee well i ain't sayin' you treated me unkind you could have done better but i don't mind you just kinda wasted my precious time but don't think twice, it's all rightlazy stadium night catfish on the mound. "strike three," the umpire said, batter have to go back and sit down.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  used to work on mr. finley's farm but the old man wouldn't pay so he packed his glove and took his arm an' one day he just ran away.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  come up where the yankees are, dress up in a pinstripe suit, smoke a custom-made cigar, wear an alligator boot.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  carolina born and bred, love to hunt the little quail. got a hundred-acre spread, got some huntin' dogs for sale.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  reggie jackson at the plate seein' nothin' but the curve, swing too early or too late got to eat what catfish serve.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  even billy martin grins when the fish is in the game. every season twenty wins gonna make the hall of fame.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.i once held her in my arms, she said she would always stay. but i was cruel, i treated her like a fool, i threw it all away.  once i had mountains in the palm of my hand, and rivers that ran through ev'ry day. i must have been mad, i never knew what i had, until i threw it all away.  love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round, love and only love, it can't be denied. no matter what you think about it you just won't be able to do without it. take a tip from one who's tried.  so if you find someone that gives you all of her love, take it to your heart, don't let it stray, for one thing that's certain, you will surely be a-hurtin', if you throw it all away.after a while we took in the clothes, nobody said very much. just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants which nobody really wanted to touch. mama come in and picked up a book an' papa asked her what it was. someone else asked, "what do you care?" papa said, "well, just because." then they started to take back their clothes, hang 'em on the line. it was january the thirtieth and everybody was feelin' fine.  the next day everybody got up seein' if the clothes were dry. the dogs were barking, a neighbor passed, mama, of course, she said, "hi!" "have you heard the news?" he said, with a grin, "the vice-president's gone mad!" "where?" "downtown." "when?" "last night." "hmm, say, that's too bad!" "well, there's nothin' we can do about it," said the neighbor, "it's just somethin' we're gonna have to forget." "yes, i guess so," said ma, then she asked me if the clothes was still wet.  i reached up, touched my shirt, and the neighbor said, "are those clothes yours?" i said, "some of 'em, not all of 'em." he said, "ya always help out around here with the chores?" i said, "sometime, not all the time." then my neighbor, he blew his nose just as papa yelled outside, "mama wants you t' come back in the house and bring them clothes." well, i just do what i'm told, so, i did it, of course. i went back in the house and mama met me and then i shut all the doors.sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna leave my lonesome home and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hear my milk cow moan and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hit the highway road but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, lord, i had my overflowin' fill sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make out my final will sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna head for the walkin' hill but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna lay right down and die sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna climb up to the sky sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna laugh until i cry but then again, i said again, i said again, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna fly like a cannon ball but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna back up against the wall sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna run till i have to crawl sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna change my house around sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make a change in this here town sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna change the world around but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.uttering idle words from a reprobate mind,  clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine, never bein' able to separate the good from the bad, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, it's makin' me feel so bad.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.  do you have any faith at all? do you have any love to share? the way that you hold your head, cursin' god with every move, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, what are you tryin' to prove?  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  the glamor ad the bright lights and the politics of sin, the ghetto you build for me is the one you end up in, the race of the engine that overrules your heart, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, pretending that you're so smart.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.  what are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun? my back is already to the wall, where can i run? the tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel, ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it, you want to take me down to hell.  dead man, dead man, when will you rise? cobwebs in your mind, dust in your eyes.take a silver dollar and put it in your pocket, never let it slip away. always be a man, not a boy gone astray. when ya get half cra-zy from the august heat or on a frozen, rotted road with no one to complain to about your achin' feet.  [chorus:] you're gonna walk that endless highway, walk that high-way till you die. all you children goin' my way, better tell your home-life sweet goodbye.  when i see a detour up ahead, well, i leave it far behind, who knows what you're apt to find there. with the cost of livin, and the price of dyin', well it look like t'me this time i wont be buyin'  [chorus]  when they get a scapegoat by the throat, it's hard labour and cold beans. if ya get away real quick, you'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine. well, i sing by night, wander by day. i'm on the road and it looks like i'm here to stay.  [chorus]the light in this place is really bad like being in the bottom of a stream any minute now i'm expecting to wake up from a dream miss so much the softest touch like the grave of some child child who neither wept nor smiled i'm hiding my faith in the rain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  somewhere dawn is breaking light is streaking across the floor church bells are ringing i wonder who they're ringing for travel under any star you'll see me wherever you are  the shadowy past is so vague and so vast i'm sleeping in the balance of pain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  maybe they'll get me maybe they won't but whatever it won't be tonight i wish your hand was in mine right now we could go where the moon is wide  for years they had me locked in a cage then they threw me onto the stage somethings just last longer then you thought they would and they never ever explain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  well i eat when i'm hungry drink when i'm dry live my life on the square even if the flesh falls off my face it won't matter as long as you're there  feel like a ghost in love underneath the heavens above feel further away then i ever did before feel further than i can take dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  everything in the way is so shy like the day in queer and unusual form spirals of golden haze here in there in a blaze like beams of light in a star  maybe you're here or maybe you weren't maybe you touched somebody and got burned the silent sun has got me on the run burning a hole in my brain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insanedon't ya tell henry apple's got your fly.  i went down to the river on a saturday morn a-lookin' around just to see who's born i found a little chicken down on his knees i went up and yelled to him "please, please, please" he said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  i went down to the corner at a-half past ten i's lookin' around, i wouldn't say when i looked down low, i looked above and who did i see but the one i love she said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".   now, i went down to the beanery at half past twelve a-lookin' around just to see myself i spotted a horse and a donkey too i looked for a cow and i saw me a few the said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  now, i went down to the pumphouse the other night a-lookin around, it was outa sight i looked high and low for that big ol' tree i did go upstairs but i didn't see nobody but me i said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".so run here baby, put your little hands in mine i've got something to tell you, i know you're gonna change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i want you baby just to understand i don't want to be your boss babe, i just want to be your man when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  now when you go home, you don't have to get along come back to me babe, where i live that's where you belong when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i love you baby an' you know that it's true i wouldn't mistreat you baby, nothin' in this world is like you when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too yes when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  so run here baby, put your little hand in mine i got something to tell you baby, i know that will change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you don't you know it, don't you know it hurts me tooi've seen love go by my door it's never been this close before never been so easy or so slow. been shooting in the dark too long when somethin's not right it's wrong yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  dragon clouds so high above i've only known careless love, it's always hit me from below. this time around it's more correct right on target, so direct, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  purple clover, queen anne lace, crimson hair across your face, you could make me cry if you don't know. can't remember what i was thinkin' of you might be spoilin' me too much, love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  flowers on the hillside, bloomin' crazy, crickets talkin' back and forth in rhyme, blue rive runnin' slow and lazy, i could stay with you forever and never realize the time.  situations have ended sad, relationships have all been bad. mine've been like verlaine's and rimbaud. but there's no way i can compare all those scenes to this affair, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  yer gonna make me wonder what i'm doin' stayin' far behind without you. yer gonna make me wonder what i'm sayin' yer gonna make me give myself a good talkin' to.  i'll look for you in old honolulu, san francisco, ashtabula, yer gonna have to leave me now, i know. but i'll see you in the sky above, in the tall grass, in the ones i love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand you see somebody naked and you say, "who is that man?" you try so hard but you don't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you raise up your head and you ask, "is this where it is?" and somebody points to you and says, "it's his" and you say, "what's mine?" and somebody else says, "well, what is?" and you say, "oh my god, am i here all alone?" but something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says, "how does it feel to be such a freak?" and you say, "impossible!" as he hands you a bone and something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination but nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations  ah, you've been with the professors and they've all liked your looks with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks you've been through all of f. scott fitzgerald's books you're very well-read, it's well-known but something is happening here and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice, he asks you how it feels and he says, "here is your throat back, thanks for the loan" and you know something is happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now" and you say, "for what reason?" and he says, "how" and you say, "what does this mean?" and he screams back, "you're a cow! give me some milk or else go home" and you know something's happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, you walk into the room like a camel, and then you frown you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground there ought to be a law against you comin' around you should be made to wear earphones 'cause something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?beyond the horizon, behind the sun at the end of the rainbow life has only begun in the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above beyond the horizon it is easy to love  my wretched heart's pounding i felt an angel's kiss my memories are drowning in mortal bliss  beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall love waits forever for one and for all  beyond the horizon across the divide 'round about midnight, we'll be on the same side down in the valley the water runs cold beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul  i'm touched with desire what don't i do? i'll throw the logs on the fire i'll build my world around you  beyond the horizon, at the end of the game every step that you take, i'm walking the same  beyond the horizon the night winds blow the theme of a melody from many moons ago the bells of st. mary, how sweetly they chime beyond the horizon i found you just in time  it's dark and it's dreary i ponder in vain i'm weakened, i'm weary my repentance is plain  beyond the horizon o'er the treacherous sea i still can't believe that you've set aside your love for me  beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies in the soft light of morning i'll follow you with my eyes through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone beyond the horizon right down to the bone  it's late in the season never knew, never cared whatever the reason someone's life has been spared  beyond the horizon the sky is so blue i've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' youwell, the lone ranger and tonto they are ridin' down the line fixin' ev'rybody's troubles ev'rybody's 'cept mine somebody musta tol' 'em that i was doin' fine  oh you five and ten cent women with nothin' in your heads i got a real gal i'm lovin' and lord i'll love her till i'm dead go away from my door and my window too right now  lord, i ain't goin' down to no race track see no sports car run i don't have no sports car and i don't even care to have one i can walk anytime around the block  well, the wind keeps a-blowin' me up and down the street with my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet watch out so you don't step on me  well, lookit here buddy you want to be like me pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see tell the judge i said it was all right yes!i pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would've stayed home, who uses all his power to do evil but in the end is always left so alone. that man whom with his fingers cheats and who lies with ev'ry breath, who passionately hates his life and likewise, fears his death.  i pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain, whose heaven is like ironsides, whose tears are like rain, who eats but is not satisfied, who hears but does not see, who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me.  i pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud, who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood, whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass. i pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass.oh it's fare thee well my darlin' true, i'm leavin' in the first hour of the morn. i'm bound off for the bay of mexico or maybe the coast of californ. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard and the rain she's a-turnin' into hail. i still might strike it lucky on a highway goin' west, though i'm travelin' on a path beaten trail. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will write you a letter from time to time, as i'm ramblin' you can travel with me too. with my head, my heart and my hands, my love, i will send what i learn back home to you. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i will tell you of the laughter and of troubles, be them somebody else's or my own. with my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high, i will travel unnoticed and unknown. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.  i've heard tell of a town where i might as well be bound, it's down around the old mexican plains. they say that the people are all friendly there and all they ask of you is your name. so it's fare thee well my own true love, we'll meet another day, another time. it ain't the leavin' that's a-grievin' me but my true love who's bound to stay behind.when you're sad and lonely and you haven't got a friend just remember that death is not the end and all that you hell sacred falls down and dows not bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when you're standing at the cross-roads  that you cannot comprehend just remember that death is not the end and all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when storm clouds gather round you and heavy rains descend just remember that death is not the end and there's nowhere there to comfort you with a helping hand to lend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  oh the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies and the bright light of salvation shines in dark and empty skies  when the cities are on fire when the burning flesh of men just remember that death is nt the end and you search in vain to find  just one law abiding citizen just remember that death is not the end.  not  the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end. fat man lookin' in a blade of steel thin man lookin' at his last meal hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield for dignity  wise man lookin' in a blade of grass young man lookin' in the shadows that pass poor man lookin' through painted glass for dignity  somebody got murdered on new year's eve somebody said dignity was the first to leave i went into the city, went into the town went into the land of the midnight sun  searchin' high, searchin' low searchin' everywhere i know askin' the cops wherever i go have you seen dignity?  blind man breakin' out of a trance puts both his hands in the pockets of chance hopin' to find one circumstance of dignity  i went to the wedding of mary-lou she said òi don't want nobody see me talkin' to youó said she could get killed if she told me what she knew about dignity  i went down where the vultures feed i would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men wasn't any difference to me  chilly wind sharp as a razor blade house on fire, debts unpaid gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid have you seen dignity?  drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears in a crowded room full of covered up mirrors lookin' into the lost forgotten years for dignity  met prince phillip at the home of the blues said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used he wanted money up front, said he was abused by dignity  footprints runnin' cross the silver sand steps goin' down into tattoo land i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light in the bordertowns of despair  got no place to fade, got no coat i'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat tryin' to read a note somebody wrote about dignity  sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure lookin' at his hands for the lines that were and into every masterpiece of literature for dignity  englishman stranded in the blackheart wind combin' his hair back, his future looks thin bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity  someone showed me a picture and i just laughed dignity never been photographed i went into the red, went into the black into the valley of dry bone dreams  so many roads, so much at stake so many dead ends, i'm at the edge of the lake sometimes i wonder what it's gonna take to find dignity  the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.she came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood she cried both day and night i know it because it was there. it's a milestone, but she's down on her luck and she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book i would then.  i believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care i believe that she'd look upon beside him to care and i go by the lord and where she's on my way, but i don't belong there. no i don't belong to her, i don't belong to every choir she's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry she's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on when i'm there she's alright, but when she's not when i'm gone. heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one she's the way for sailing beautiful she's mine for the one and i lost her attention by tempation as it runs but she don't bother me but i'm not there i'm gone.  now i've cried tonight like i cried the night before and i'm leased on the high some but i dream about the door it's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale it don't hang approximation she smiled fare thee well.  now when i'll treat the way we all was born to love her but she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her and i run but i wait and it's not too fast or slam but i'll not perceive her i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's all about division and i cry for a bail i don't need anybody now beside me to tell and it's all affirmation i received but it's not she's a long haunting beauty but she's gone like the spark  and she's gone.  yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday but now she's home beside me and i'd like to hear to stay she's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone now i wish i was beside her but i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's too hard to stake in and i don't far believe it's a bag full it's amusing that she's hard too hard to lead. it's a load, it's a crime the way she mauled me around was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  yes i believe that it's rightful oh i believe it in my mind i been told like i said one night before carry on the grind. and this song gypsy told her like i said carry on i wish i was there to help her but i'm not there i'm gone.i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you know the smile on her lips the thrill an' the touch of her fingertips but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress in each tender kiss but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you stole her love from me one day you didn't care how it hurt me but you can never steal away memories of what used to be you think she's yours to have and to hold someday you'll learn when her love grows cold but i forgot more than you'll ever know about herif i had wings like noah's dove i'd fly the river to the one i love fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well. i had a man, who was long and tall, moved his body like a cannon ball. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  'member one evening, it was drizzling rain and in my heart i felt an aching pain. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  once i wore my apron low, been a-keep' you away from my door. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  now my apron is up to my chin, you pass my door but you never come in. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  muddy river runs muddy 'n' wild, you can't care the bloody for my unborn child. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  number nine train ain' done no harm, number nine train take my poor baby home. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  fastest man i ever saw skid missouri on the way to arkansas. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.up on the white veranda she wears a necktie and a panama hat. her passport shows a face from another time and place she looks nothing like that. and all the remnants of her recent past are scattered in the wild wind. she walks across the marble floor where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in. she smiles, walks the other way as the last ship sails and the moon fades away from black diamond bay.  as the morning light breaks open, the greek comes down and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write. "pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says, carefully removes his fez, "am i hearing you right?" and as the yellow fog is lifting the greek is quickly heading for the second floor. she passes him on the spiral staircase thinking he's the soviet ambassador, she starts to speak, but he walks away as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway on black diamond bay.  a soldier sits beneath the fan doing business with a tiny man who sells him a ring. lightning strikes, the lights blow out. the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout, "can you see anything?" then the greek appears on the second floor in his bare feet with a rope around his neck, while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle, says, "open up another deck." but the dealer says, "attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,'' as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away from black diamond bay.  the desk clerk heard the woman laugh as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough. he tried to grab the woman's hand, said, "here's a ring, it cost a grand." she said, "that ain't enough." then she ran upstairs to pack her bags while a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb. she passed the door that the greek had locked, where a handwritten sign read, "do not disturb." she knocked upon it anyway as the sun went down and the music did play on black diamond bay.  "i've got to talk to someone quick!" but the greek said, "go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor. he hung there from the chandelier. she cried, "help, there's danger near please open up the door!" then the volcano erupted and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above. the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner thinking of forbidden love. but the desk clerk said, "it happens every day," as the stars fell down and the fields burned away on black diamond bay.  as the island slowly sank the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room. the dealer said, "it's too late now. you can take your money, but i don't know how you'll spend it in the tomb." the tiny man bit the soldier's ear as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew, while she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her, "my darling, je vous aime beaucoup." she sheds a tear and then begins to pray as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away from black diamond bay.  i was sitting home alone one night in l.a., watching old cronkite on the seven o'clock news. it seems there was an earthquake that left nothing but a panama hat and a pair of old greek shoes. didn't seem like much was happening, so i turned it off and went to grab another beer. seems like every time you turn around there's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear and there's really nothing anyone can say and i never did plan to go anyway to black diamond bay.now an' then, there's a fool such as i pardon me if i'm sentimental, when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone i will dream a little dream as years go by now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, but i love you dear, yes i will, until the day i die now an' then there's a fool such as i  pardon me, pardon me if i'm sentimental when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone, when you're gone i will dream a little, i will dream as years go by now an' then, now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, yes but i love you dear i will love you dear, until the day, until the day i die now an' then, now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool such as iten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.wise men say only fools rush in but i can't help falling in love with you. shall i stay, will it be a sin if i can't help falling in love with you?  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.father of night, father of day, father, who taketh the darkness away, father, who teacheth the bird to fly, builder of rainbows up in the sky, father of loneliness and pain, father of love and father of rain.  father of day, father of night, father of black, father of white, father, who build the mountain so high, who shapeth the cloud up in the sky, father of time, father of dreams, father, who turneth the rivers and streams.  father of grain, father of wheat, father of cold and father of heat, father of air and father of trees, who dwells in our hearts and our memories, father of minutes, father of days, father of whom we most solemnly praise.nobody feels any pain tonight as i stand here in the rain. everybody knows that baby's got new clothes, but lately i see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  queen mary, she's my friend. yes i believe i'll go see her again. nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed 'till she finally sees that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamines, and her pearls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  it was raining from the first, and i was dying there of thirst, so i came in here. and your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here. i can't stay in here. ain't it clear...  that i just can't fit. yes i believe it's time for us to quit. but when we met again  introduced as friends, please don't let on that you knew me when i was hungry, and it was your world.  you fake just like a woman. you make love just like a woman. and then you ache just like a woman. but you break just like a little girl.oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son ? and where have you been my darling young one ? i've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains i've walked and i've crawled on six crooked highways i've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests i've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans i've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son ? and what did you see, my darling young one ? i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it i saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin' i saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin' i saw a white ladder all covered with water i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what did you hear, my blue-eyed son ? and what did you hear, my darling young one ? i heard the sound of a thunder, it roared out a warnin' i heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world i heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin' i heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin' i heard one person starve, i heard many people laughin' heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, who did you meet my blue-eyed son ? who did you meet, my darling young one ? i met a young child beside a dead pony i met a white man who walked a black dog i met a young woman whose body was burning i met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow i met one man who was wounded in love i met another man who was wounded in hatred and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son ? and what'll you do now my darling young one ? i'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin' i'll walk to the deepths of the deepest black forest where the people are a many and their hands are all empty where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison where the executioner's face is always well hidden where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten where black is the color, where none is the number and i'll tell and think it and speak it and breathe it and reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it then i'll stand on the ocean until i start sinkin' but i'll know my songs well before i start singin' and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.broken lines, broken strings, broken threads, broken springs, broken idols, broken heads, people sleeping in broken beds. ain't no use jiving ain't no use joking everything is broken.  broken bottles, broken plates, broken switches, broken gates, broken dishes, broken parts, streets are filled with broken hearts. broken words never meant to be spoken, everything is broken.  bridge: seem like every time you stop and turn around something else just hit the ground  broken cutters, broken saws, broken buckles, broken laws, broken bodies, broken bones, broken voices on broken phones. take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin', everything is broken.  bridge: every time you leave and go off someplace things fall to pieces in my face  broken hands on broken ploughs, broken treaties, broken vows, broken pipes, broken tools, people bending broken rules. hound dog howling, bull frog croaking, everything is broken.ain't no more cane on the brazos oh, oh, oh, oh... its all been ground down to molasses oh, oh- oh, oh- oh...  you shoulda been on the river in 1910 they were driving the women just like they drove the men.  go down old hannah, don'cha rise no more don't you rise up til judgment day's for sure  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses  captain, don't you do me like you done poor old shine well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind  wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses.as i went out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine's, i spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains. i offer'd her my hand, she took me by the arm. i knew that very instant, she meant to do me harm.  "depart from me this moment," i told her with my voice. said she, "but i don't wish to," said i, "but you have no choice." "i beg you, sir," she pleaded from the corners of her mouth, "i will secretly accept you and together we'll fly south."  just then tom paine, himself, came running from across the field, shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield. and as she was letting go her grip, up tom paine did run, "i'm sorry, sir," he said to me, "i'm sorry for what she's done."when she said, "don't waste your words, they're just lies," i cried she was deaf. and she worked on my face until breaking my eyes, then said, "what else you got left?" it was then that i got up to leave but she said, "don't forget, everybody must give something back for something they get."  i stood there and hummed,  i tapped on her drum  and asked her how come. and she buttoned her boot,  and straightened her suit, then she said, "don't get cute." so i forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs, and gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum.  she threw me outside, i stood in the dirt where ev'ryone walked. and after finding i'd forgotten my shirt, i went back and knocked. i waited in the hallway, she went to get it, and i tried to make sense out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against--  her jamaican rum and when she did come, i asked her for some. she said, "no, dear." i said, "your words aren't clear, you'd better spit out your gum." she screamed till her face got so red, then she fell on the floor, and i covered her up and then thought i'd go look through her drawer.  and when i was through i filled up my shoe and brought it to you. and you, you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time. and i, i never took much, i never asked for your crutch and i don't ask for mine.buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?oh, god said to abraham, "kill me a son" abe said, "man, you must be puttin' me on" god said, "no" abe say, "what?" god say, "you can do what you want, abe, but the next time you see me comin', you better run" well, abe said, "where d'you want this killin' done?" god said, "out on highway 61"  well, georgia sam, he had a bloody nose welfare department, they wouldn't give him no clothes he asked poor howard, "where can i go?" howard said, "there's only one place i know" sam said, "tell me quick, man, i got to run" oh, howard just pointed with his gun and said, "that way, down highway 61"  well, mack the finger said to louie the king "i got forty red-white-and-blue shoestrings and a thousand telephones that don't ring do you know where i can get rid of these things?" and louie the king said, "let me think for a minute, son" then he said, "yes, i think it can be easily done just take everything down to highway 61"  now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night told the first father that things weren't right "my complexion," she says, "is much too white" he said, "come here and step into the light" he said, "hmm, you're right, let me tell the second mother this has been done" but the second mother was with the seventh son and they were both out on highway 61  now, the roving gambler he was very bored trying to create a next world war he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor he said, "i never engaged in this kind of thing before but yes, i think it can be very easily done we'll just put some bleachers out in the sun and have it on highway 61"nobody feels any pain tonight as i stand here in the rain. everybody knows that baby's got new clothes, but lately i see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  queen mary, she's my friend. yes i believe i'll go see her again. nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed 'till she finally sees that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamines, and her pearls.  she takes just like a woman. she makes love just like a woman. and then she aches just like a woman. but she breaks just like a little girl.  it was raining from the first, and i was dying there of thirst, so i came in here. and your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here. i can't stay in here. ain't it clear...  that i just can't fit. yes i believe it's time for us to quit. but when we met again  introduced as friends, please don't let on that you knew me when i was hungry, and it was your world.  you fake just like a woman. you make love just like a woman. and then you ache just like a woman. but you break just like a little girl.up on the white veranda she wears a necktie and a panama hat. her passport shows a face from another time and place she looks nothing like that. and all the remnants of her recent past are scattered in the wild wind. she walks across the marble floor where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in. she smiles, walks the other way as the last ship sails and the moon fades away from black diamond bay.  as the morning light breaks open, the greek comes down and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write. "pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says, carefully removes his fez, "am i hearing you right?" and as the yellow fog is lifting the greek is quickly heading for the second floor. she passes him on the spiral staircase thinking he's the soviet ambassador, she starts to speak, but he walks away as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway on black diamond bay.  a soldier sits beneath the fan doing business with a tiny man who sells him a ring. lightning strikes, the lights blow out. the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout, "can you see anything?" then the greek appears on the second floor in his bare feet with a rope around his neck, while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle, says, "open up another deck." but the dealer says, "attendez-vous, s'il vous plait,'' as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away from black diamond bay.  the desk clerk heard the woman laugh as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough. he tried to grab the woman's hand, said, "here's a ring, it cost a grand." she said, "that ain't enough." then she ran upstairs to pack her bags while a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb. she passed the door that the greek had locked, where a handwritten sign read, "do not disturb." she knocked upon it anyway as the sun went down and the music did play on black diamond bay.  "i've got to talk to someone quick!" but the greek said, "go away," and he kicked the chair to the floor. he hung there from the chandelier. she cried, "help, there's danger near please open up the door!" then the volcano erupted and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above. the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner thinking of forbidden love. but the desk clerk said, "it happens every day," as the stars fell down and the fields burned away on black diamond bay.  as the island slowly sank the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room. the dealer said, "it's too late now. you can take your money, but i don't know how you'll spend it in the tomb." the tiny man bit the soldier's ear as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew, while she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her, "my darling, je vous aime beaucoup." she sheds a tear and then begins to pray as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away from black diamond bay.  i was sitting home alone one night in l.a., watching old cronkite on the seven o'clock news. it seems there was an earthquake that left nothing but a panama hat and a pair of old greek shoes. didn't seem like much was happening, so i turned it off and went to grab another beer. seems like every time you turn around there's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear and there's really nothing anyone can say and i never did plan to go anyway to black diamond bay.as i walked out tonight in the mystic garden the wounded flowers were dangling from the vine i was passing by yon cool crystal fountain someone hit me from behind  ain't talkin', just walkin' through this weary world of woe heart burnin', still yearnin' no one on earth would ever know  they say prayer has the power to heal so pray from the mother in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell i am a-tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others but oh, mother, things ain't going well  ain't talkin', just walkin' i'll burn that bridge before you can cross heart burnin', still yearnin' there'll be no mercy for you once you've lost  now i'm all worn down by weeping my eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry if i catch my opponents ever sleeping i'll just slaughter 'em where they lie  ain't talkin', just walkin' through the world mysterious and vague heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' through the cities of the plague.  well, the whole world is filled with speculation the whole wide world which people say is round they will tear your mind away from contemplation they will jump on your misfortune when you're down  ain't talkin', just walkin' eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town. heart burnin', still yearnin' some day you'll be glad to have me around.  they will crush you with wealth and power every waking moment you could crack i'll make the most of one last extra hour i'll revenge my father's death then i'll step back  ain't talkin', just walkin' hand me down my walkin' cane. heart burnin', still yearnin' got to get you out of my miserable brain.  all my loyal and my much-loved companions they approve of me and share my code i practice a faith that's been long abandoned ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road  ain't talkin', just walkin' my mule is sick, my horse is blind. heart burnin', still yearnin' thinkin' 'bout that gal i left behind.  well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin' fame and honor never seem to fade the fire gone out but the light is never dyin' who says i can't get heavenly aid?  ain't talkin', just walkin' carryin' a dead man's shield heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' with a toothache in my heel  the sufferin' is unending every nook and cranny has its tears i'm not playing, i'm not pretending i'm not nursin' any superfluous fears  ain't talkin', just walkin' walkin' ever since the other night. heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' 'til i'm clean out of sight.  as i walked out in the mystic garden on a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn excuse me, ma'am, i beg your pardon there's no one here, the gardener is gone  ain't talkin', just walkin' up the road, around the bend. heart burnin', still yearnin' in the last outback at the world's end.sad i'm sittin' on the railroad track, watchin' that old smokestack. train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.  years ago we hang around, watchin' trains roll through the town. now that train is a-graveyard bound.  where we go up in that north country, lakes and streams and mines so free, i had no better friend than he.  something happened to him that day, i thought i heard a stranger say, i hung my head and stole away.  a diesel truck was headin' down, pullin' down a heavy load. it left him on a utah road.  they carried him back to his home town, his mother cried, his sister moaned, listenin' to them church bells tone.  a diesel truck was rollin' slow, pullin' down a heavy load. and it left him on a utah road.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.she was the rose of sharon from paradise lost from the city of seven hills near the place of the cross. i was playing a show in miami in the theater of divine comedy. told about jesus, told about the rain, she told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain by a man who danced on the roof of the embassy.  was she a child or a woman, i can't say which from one to another she could to easily switch we went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach. could i been used and played as a pawn? it certainly was possible as the gay night wore on where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  she looked into my soul through the clothes that i wore she said, "we got a mutual friend over by the door, and you know he's got our best interest in mind." he was well connected but her heart was a snare and she had left him to die in there, there were payments due and he was a little behind.  the cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head, ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed, street band playing "nearer my god to thee." we met at the steeple where the mission bells ring, she said, "i know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing you can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  atlantic city by the cold grey sea i hear a voice crying, "daddy," i always think it's for me, but it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call. every new messenger brings evil report 'bout armies on the march and time that is short and famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.  would i have married her? i don't know, i suppose. she had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes but i kept hearing my name and i had to be movin' on. i saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin, i saw a house in the country being torn from within. i heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  vixen, blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins bells are ringing children singing all is merry and bright hang your stockings and say your prayers 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he's got a bag that's filled with toys for boys and girls again hear those sleigh bells jingle jangle what a beautiful sight jump in bed cover up your head 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he doesn't care if you're rich or poor he loves you just the same santa knows that we're god's children that makes everything right fill your hearts with christmas cheer 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he'll come around when the church rings out it's christmas morn again peace on earth will come to all if we just follow the light let's give thanks to the lord above 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonightwhen they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? did they know he was the son of god, did they know that he was lord? did they hear when he told peter, "peter, put up your sword"? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know?  when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men saying, "master, tell me why a man must be born again." when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he said, "pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize? same thing my father do, i can do likewise." when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare? the multitude wanted to make him king, put a crown upon his head why did he slip away to a quiet place instead? did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?i woke up this mornin', there were tears in my bed. they killed a man i really loved shot him through the head. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sent him off to prison for a seventy-dollar robbery. closed the door behind him and they threw away the key. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  he wouldn't take shit from no one he wouldn't bow down or kneel. authorities, they hated him because he was just too real. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  prison guards, they cursed him as they watched him from above but they were frightened of his power they were scared of his love. lord, lord, so they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sometimes i think this whole world is one big prison yard. some of us are prisoners the rest of us are guards. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.i am a lonesome hobo without family or friends, where another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends. i have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail and deceit, and i've served time for ev'rything 'cept beggin' on the street.  well, once i was rather prosperous, there was nothing i did lack. i had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back. but i did not trust my brother, i carried him to blame, which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame.  kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon i will be gone, but let me just warn you all, before i do pass on; stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code, and hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road.in the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand and an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand i'm a long way from home and i miss my loved one so in the early morning rain with nowhere to go.  cut on runway number nine, big 707 set to go i'm stuck here on the ground, where the cold winds blow the liquor tasted good and the women all were fast there she goes, my friend, she's rolling down at last.  hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high she's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines she'll be flying over my home in about three hours time.  this old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me because i'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunks as i might be you can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train so i'd best be on my way in the early morning rain.the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.if you're travelin' in the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine if you go when the snowflakes storm when the rivers freeze and summer ends please see she has a coat so warm to keep her from the howlin' winds please see if her hair hangs long if it rolls and flows all down her breast please see for me if her hair's hanging long for that's the way i remember her best i'm a-wonderin' if she remembers me at all many times i've often prayed in the darkness of my night in the brightness of my day so if you're travelin' the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.  alberta, what's on your mind, alberta, what's on your mind ? you keep me worried and bothered all of the time alberta, what's on your mind ?  alberta, don't you treat me unkind, alberta, don't you treat me unkind ? oh my heart is sad because i want you so bad alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?  alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low  i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.hollis brown he lived on the outside of town hollis brown he lived on the outside of town with his wife and five children and his cabin brokin' down.  you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile.  your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe.  the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare if there's anyone that knows is there anyone that cares ?  you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend your empty pocket tell you that you ain't a-got no friend.  your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your wife's screams are stabbin' you like the dirty drivin' rain.  your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your spent your last lone dollar on seven shotgun shels.  way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls your eyes fix on the shortgun that's hangin' on the wall.  your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your eyes fix on the shortgun that you're holdin' in your hand.  there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar.  there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm somewhere in the distance there's seven new people born.one evening for pleasure i rambled to view the fair fields all alone down by the banks of loch eiron where beauty and pleasure were known.  i spied a fair maid at her labour which caused me to stay for a while and i thought of a goddess to beauty bloomin' bright star of bright isle.  i humbled myself to her beauty "fair maiden, where do you belong ? are you from heaven descended abiding in cupid's fair throne ?".  "young man, i will tell you a secret it's true i'm a maid that is poor and to part from my vows and my promise is more than my heart can endure.  therefore i remain at my service and go through all my hardship and toil and wait for the lad that has left me all alone on the banks of belle isle".  "young maiden i wish not to banter it's true i come here in disguise i came here to fulfill our last promise and hope to give you a surprise.  i've known you're a maid i love dearly and you've been in my heart all the while for me there is no other damsel than my bloomin' bright star of belle isle".here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  vixen, blitzen and all his reindeer pulling on the reins bells are ringing children singing all is merry and bright hang your stockings and say your prayers 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he's got a bag that's filled with toys for boys and girls again hear those sleigh bells jingle jangle what a beautiful sight jump in bed cover up your head 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he doesn't care if you're rich or poor he loves you just the same santa knows that we're god's children that makes everything right fill your hearts with christmas cheer 'cause santa claus comes tonight  here comes santa claus here comes santa claus right down santa claus lane  he'll come around when the church rings out it's christmas morn again peace on earth will come to all if we just follow the light let's give thanks to the lord above 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonight 'cause santa claus is comin' tonighti cross the green mountain i sit by the stream heaven blazing in my head i, i dreamt a monstrous dream  something came up out of the sea swept through the land of the rich and the free  i look into the eyes of my merciful friend and then i ask myself is this the end?  memories linger sad yet sweet and i think of the souls in heaven who will be  alters are burning the flames far and wide the fool has crossed over from the other side  they tip their caps from the top of the hill you can feel them come all brave blood do spill  along the dim atlantic line the rapper's land lasts for miles behind  the lights coming forward and the streets are broad all must yield to the avenging god  the world is old the world is great lessons of life can't be learned in a day  i watch and i wait and i listen while i stand to the music that comes from a far better land  close the eyes of our captain peace may he know his long night is done the great leader is laid low  he was ready to fall he was quick to defend killed outright he was by his own men  it's the last day's last hour of the last happy year i feel that the unknown the world is so dear  pride will vanish and glory will rot but virtue lives and cannot be forgot  the bells of evening have rung there's blasphemy on the end of the tongue  let them say that i walked in fair nature's light and that i was loyal to truth and to right  serve god and meet your full look upward beyond beyond the darkness that masks the surprises of dawn  in the deep green grasses and the blood stained woods they never dreamed of surrendering they fell where they stood  stars fell over alabama i saw each star you're walking in dreams whoever you are  chilled are the skies keen is the frost the ground's froze hard and the morning is lost  a letter to mother came today gunshot wound to the breast is what it did say  but he'll be better soon he's in a hospital bed but he'll never be better he's already dead  i'm ten miles outside the city and i'm lifted away in an ancient light that is not of day  they were calm, they were gloomed we knew them all too well we loved each other more than we ever dared to telloh, god said to abraham, "kill me a son" abe said, "man, you must be puttin' me on" god said, "no" abe say, "what?" god say, "you can do what you want, abe, but the next time you see me comin', you better run" well, abe said, "where d'you want this killin' done?" god said, "out on highway 61"  well, georgia sam, he had a bloody nose welfare department, they wouldn't give him no clothes he asked poor howard, "where can i go?" howard said, "there's only one place i know" sam said, "tell me quick, man, i got to run" oh, howard just pointed with his gun and said, "that way, down highway 61"  well, mack the finger said to louie the king "i got forty red-white-and-blue shoestrings and a thousand telephones that don't ring do you know where i can get rid of these things?" and louie the king said, "let me think for a minute, son" then he said, "yes, i think it can be easily done just take everything down to highway 61"  now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night told the first father that things weren't right "my complexion," she says, "is much too white" he said, "come here and step into the light" he said, "hmm, you're right, let me tell the second mother this has been done" but the second mother was with the seventh son and they were both out on highway 61  now, the roving gambler he was very bored trying to create a next world war he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor he said, "i never engaged in this kind of thing before but yes, i think it can be very easily done we'll just put some bleachers out in the sun and have it on highway 61"by bob dylan    yes, the gal i got  i swear she's the screaming end  she wants me to be a hero  so she can tell all her friends    well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  she wants me to go out  and find somebody to fight    she reads too many books  she got new movies inside her head  she reads too many books  she got movies inside her head  she wants me to walk out running  she wants me to crawl back dead    you need a different kinda man, babe  one that can grab and hold your heart  need a different kind of man, babe  one that can hold and grab your heart  you need a different kind of man, babe  you need napoleon boneeparte    well, when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  you can stand and shout hero  all over my lonesome gravewell, i took me a woman late last night, i's three-fourths drunk, she looked uptight. she took off her wheel, took off her bell, took off her wig, said, "how do i smell?" i hot-footed it, bare-naked out the window!  well, sometimes i might get drunk, walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk. don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride 'cause i got my little lady right by my side. (right there proud as can be)  i's out there paintin' on the old woodshed when a can a black paint it fell on my head. i went down to scrub and rub but i had to sit in back of the tub. cost a quarter and i had to get out quick someone wanted to come in and take a sauna  well, my telephone rang it would not stop, it's president kennedy callin' me up. he said, "my friend, bob, what do we need to make the country grow?" i said, "my friend, john, brigitte bardot, anita ekberg,  sophia loren." put 'em all in the same room with ernest borgnine!  well, i got a woman sleeps on a cot, she yells and hollers and squeals a lot. licks my face and tickles my ear, bends me over and buys me beer. (she's a honeymooner a june crooner a spoon feeder and a natural leader)  oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy, i got a woman who works on the levee. pumping that water up to her neck, every week she sends me a monthly check. she's a humdinger folk singer dead ringer for a thing-a-muh jigger  late one day in the middle of the week, eyes were closed i was half asleep. i chased me a woman up the hill, right in the middle of an air raid drill. it was little bo peep! (i jumped a fallout shelter i jumped a bean stalk i jumped a ferris wheel)  now, the man on the stand he wants my vote, he's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note. he's out there preachin' in front of the steeple, tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people. (he's eatin' bagels he's eatin' pizza he's eatin' chitlins he's eatin' bullshit!)  oh, set me down on a television floor, i'll flip the channel to number four. out of the shower comes a grown-up man with a bottle of hair oil in his hand. (it's that greasy kid stuff. what i want to know, mr. football man, is what do you do about willy mays and yul brynner, charles de gaulle and robert louis stevenson?)  well, the funniest woman i ever seen was the great-granddaughter of mr. clean. she takes about fifteen baths a day, wants me to grow a cigar on my face. (she's a little bit heavy!)  well, ask me why i'm drunk alla time, it levels my head and eases my mind. i just walk along and stroll and sing, i see better days and i do better things. i catch dinosaurs i make love to elizabeth taylor catch hell from richard burton!)farewell angelina the bells of the crown are being stolen by bandits i must follow the sound the triangle tingles and the trumpet play slow farewell angelina the sky is on fire and i must go.  there's no need for anger there's no need for blame there's nothing to prove ev'rything's still the same just a table standing empty by the edge of the sea farewell angelina the sky is trembling and i must leave.  the jacks and queens have forsaked the courtyard fifty-two gypsies now file past the guards in the space where the deuce and the ace once ran wild farewell angelina the sky is folding i'll see you in a while.  see the cross-eyed pirates sitting perched in the sun shooting tin cans with a sawed-off shotgun and the neighbors they clap and they cheer with each blast farewell angelina the sky's changing color and i must leave fast.  king kong, little elves on the rooftoops they dance valentino-type tangos while the make-up man's hands shut the eyes of the dead not to embarrass anyone farewell angelina the sky is embarrassed and i must be gone.  the machine guns are roaring the puppets heave rocks the fiends nail time bombs to the hands of the clocks call me any name you like i will never deny it farewell angelina the sky is erupting i must go where it's quiet.go 'way from my window leave at your own chosen speed i'm not the one you want, babe i'm not the one you need you say you're lookin' for someone who's never weak but always strong to protect you an' defend you whether you are right or wrong someone to open each and every door but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go lightly from the ledge, babe go lightly on the ground i'm not the one you want, babe i will only let your down you say you're lookin' for someone who will promise never to part someone to close his eyes for you someone to close his heart someone who will die for you an' more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go melt back into the night everything inside is made of stone there's nothing in here moving an' anyway i'm not alone you say you're looking for someone who'll pick you up each time you fall to gather flowers constantly an' to come each time you call a lover for you life an' nothing more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me, babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin' now, for recreation, we went on a tramp, and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp and a little wee drummer intending to camp, for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.  "good morning, good morning," the sergeant he cried. "and the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply, intending no harm but meant to pass by, for it bein' on christmas mornin' "but," says he, "my fine fellows, if you will enlist, ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist, and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust, and drink the king's health in the morning.  "for a soldier, he leads a very fine life, and he always is blessed with a charming young wife, and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife, and he always lives pleasant and charmin', and a soldier, he always is decent and clean, in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen. while other poor fellows go dirty and mean, and sup on thin gruel in the morning."  "but," says arthur, "i wouldn't be proud of your clothes, for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose, but you dare not change them one night, for you know if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning, and although that we're single and free, we take great delight in our own company, we have no desire strange places to see, although that your offers are charming.  "and we have no desire to take your advance, all hazards and dangers we barter on chance, for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france, where we would get shot without warning," "oh no," says the sergeant. "i'll have no such chat, and neither will i take it from snappy young brats, for if you insult me with one other word, i'll cut off your heads in the morning."  and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs, and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades when a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning. and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides, we flung them as far as we could in the tide, "now take them up, devils!" cried arthur mcbride, "and temper their edge in the mornin'!"  and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow, and we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow, threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll, and bade it a tedious returning, and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks. we paid no respect to their two bloody backs, and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.  and so, to conclude and to finish disputes, we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits, for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.  oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride, as we went a-walkin' down by the seaside, mark now what followed and what did betide, for it bein' on christmas mornin'now there's a man you'll hear about most anywhere you go, and his holdings are in texas and his name is diamond joe.  and he carries all his money in a diamond-studded jar. he never took much trouble with the process of the law.  i hired out to diamond joe, boys, did offer him my hand, he gave a string of horses so old they could not stand.  and i nearly starved to death, boys, he did mistreat me so, and i never saved a dollar in the pay of diamond joe.  now his bread it was corn dodger and his meat you couldn't chaw, nearly drove me crazy with the wagging of his jaw.  and the telling of his story, mean to let you know that there never was a rounder that could lie like diamond joe.  now, i tried three times to quit him, but he did argue so i'm still punching cattle in the pay of diamond joe.  and when i'm called up yonder and it's my time to go, give my blankets to my buddies give the fleas to diamond joe.mama, take this badge off of me i can't use it anymore. it's gettin' dark, too dark for me to see i feel like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door  mama, put my guns to the ground i can't shoot them anymore. the long black cloud is coming down it feels like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's doori was young when i left home, and i been out a'ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord, to my home, and i never wrote a letter to my home.  it was just the other day i was drinkin' on my pay when i met an old friend i used to know. he said your mother's dead and gone, your baby sister's all gone wrong, and your daddy needs you home right away.  not a shirt on my back, not a penny on my name. well i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, i can't go home this a'way.  if you miss the train i'm on, count the days i'm gone, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles. a hundred miles, a hundred, baby, lord lord lord, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles.  when i's playin' on the track, maw would come and whip me back, on them tressles down by ol' jim mckay's.  when i pay the debt i owe to the commissary store, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home. oh home, lord lord lord, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home.  i used to tell my maw sometimes, when i see them ridin' blinds, gonna make me a home out in the wind. in the wind, lord, in the wind, make me a home out in the wind.  i don't like it in the wind, i want to go back home again, but i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, and i can't go home this a'way.  i was young when i left home, and i been all a' ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord lord lord, and i never wrote a letter to my home.beyond the horizon, behind the sun at the end of the rainbow life has only begun in the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above beyond the horizon it is easy to love  my wretched heart's pounding i felt an angel's kiss my memories are drowning in mortal bliss  beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall love waits forever for one and for all  beyond the horizon across the divide 'round about midnight, we'll be on the same side down in the valley the water runs cold beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul  i'm touched with desire what don't i do? i'll throw the logs on the fire i'll build my world around you  beyond the horizon, at the end of the game every step that you take, i'm walking the same  beyond the horizon the night winds blow the theme of a melody from many moons ago the bells of st. mary, how sweetly they chime beyond the horizon i found you just in time  it's dark and it's dreary i ponder in vain i'm weakened, i'm weary my repentance is plain  beyond the horizon o'er the treacherous sea i still can't believe that you've set aside your love for me  beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies in the soft light of morning i'll follow you with my eyes through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone beyond the horizon right down to the bone  it's late in the season never knew, never cared whatever the reason someone's life has been spared  beyond the horizon the sky is so blue i've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' youso run here baby, put your little hands in mine i've got something to tell you, i know you're gonna change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i want you baby just to understand i don't want to be your boss babe, i just want to be your man when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  now when you go home, you don't have to get along come back to me babe, where i live that's where you belong when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  i love you baby an' you know that it's true i wouldn't mistreat you baby, nothin' in this world is like you when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too yes when things go wrong, so wrong with you it hurts me too  so run here baby, put your little hand in mine i got something to tell you baby, i know that will change your mind when things go wrong, so wrong with you don't you know it, don't you know it hurts me tooshe was the rose of sharon from paradise lost from the city of seven hills near the place of the cross. i was playing a show in miami in the theater of divine comedy. told about jesus, told about the rain, she told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain by a man who danced on the roof of the embassy.  was she a child or a woman, i can't say which from one to another she could to easily switch we went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach. could i been used and played as a pawn? it certainly was possible as the gay night wore on where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  she looked into my soul through the clothes that i wore she said, "we got a mutual friend over by the door, and you know he's got our best interest in mind." he was well connected but her heart was a snare and she had left him to die in there, there were payments due and he was a little behind.  the cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head, ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed, street band playing "nearer my god to thee." we met at the steeple where the mission bells ring, she said, "i know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing you can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  atlantic city by the cold grey sea i hear a voice crying, "daddy," i always think it's for me, but it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call. every new messenger brings evil report 'bout armies on the march and time that is short and famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.  would i have married her? i don't know, i suppose. she had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes but i kept hearing my name and i had to be movin' on. i saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin, i saw a house in the country being torn from within. i heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.i hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road. the stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel, i hate myself for lovin' you and i'm glad the curtain fell.  i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed and the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed? i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within, that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.  heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped, acting out his folly while his back is being whipped. like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame, all for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.  there are those who worship loneliness, i'm not one of them, in this age of fiberglass i'm searching for a gem. the crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet, i've paid the price of solitude, but at last i'm out of debt.  can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me 'cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees. we stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break, no use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?  so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine, the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen. lady luck, who shines on me, will tell you where i'm at, i hate myself for lovin' you, but i should get over that.how many times have you heard someone say if i had his money i'd do things my way hmm, but little they know hmm, it's so hard to find one man in ten with a satisfied mind.  hmm, once i was wading in fortune and fame everything that i dreamed of to get a start in lifes game but suddenly it happened hmm, i lost every dime but i'm richer by far with a satisfied mind.  hmm, when my life is over and my time has run out my friends and my loved ones i'll leave there ain't no doubt but one things for certain when it comes my time i'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind.well, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. no, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. but i still got my voice left, i can take it anywhere i go. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. no, i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. many times i've bended but i ain't never yet bowed. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  trouble, oh trouble, i've trouble on my mind trouble, oh trouble, trouble on my mind. but the trouble in the world, lord, is much more bigger than mine. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i never had no armies to jump at my command. no, i ain't got no armies to jump at my command. but i don't need no armies, i got me one good friend. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. but as long as the world keeps a-turnin', i just keep a-turnin' too. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  well, my road might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. my road it might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. but as some folks ain't got no road at all, they gotta stand in the same old place. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.heart of mine be still you can play with fire but you'll get the bill don't let her know don't let her know that you love her don't be a fool, don't be blind heart of mine.  heart of mine go back home you got no reason to wander, no reason to roam  don't let her see don't let her see that you need her don't put yourself over the line heart of mine.  heart of mine go back where you have been it'll only be trouble for you if you let her in don't let her hear don't let her hear you want her don't let her hear know she's so fine heart of mine.  heart of mine you know that she'll never be true she'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you don't let her know don't let her know where you're going don't untie the ties that bind heart of mine.  hear of mine so malicious and so full of guile give you an inch and you'll take a mile don't let yourself fall don't let yourself stumble if you can't do the time, don't do the crime heart of mine.my name is donald white, you see, i stand before you all. i was judged by you a murderer and the hangman's knot must fall. i will die upon the gallows pole when the moon is shining clear, and these are my final words that you will ever hear.  i left my home in kansas when i was very young, i landed in the old northwest, seattle, washington although i'd a-traveled many miles, i never made a friend, for i could never get along in life with people that i met.  if i had some education to give me a decent start, i might have been a doctor or a master in the arts. but i used my hands for stealing when i was very young, and they locked me down in jailhouse cells, that's how my life begun.  oh, the inmates and the prisoners, i found they were my kind, and it was there inside the bars i found my peace of mind. but the jails they were too crowded, institutions overflowed, so they turned me loose to walk upon life's hurried tangled road.  and there's danger on the ocean where the salt sea waves split high, and there's danger on the battlefield where the shells of bullets fly, and there's danger in this open world where men strive to be free, and for me the greatest danger was in society.  so i asked them to send me back to the institution home. but they said they were too crowded, for me they had no room. i got down on my knees and begged, "oh, please put me away," but they would not listen to my plea or nothing i would say.  and so it was on christmas eve in the year of '59, it was on that night i killed a man, i did not try to hide, the jury found me guilty and i won't disagree, for i knew that it would happen if i wasn't put away.  and i'm glad i've had no parents to care for me or cry, for now they will never know the horrible death i die. and i'm also glad i've had no friends to see me in disgrace, for they'll never see that hangman's hood wrap around my face.  farewell unto the old north woods of which i used to roam, farewell unto the crowded bars of which've been my home, farewell to all you people who think the worst of me, i guess you'll feel much better when i'm on that hanging tree.  but there's just one question before they kill me dead, i'm wondering just how much to you i really said concerning all the boys that come down a road like me, are they enemies or victims of your society?old man sailin' in a dinghy boat down there old man down is baitin' a hook on there gonna pull man down on a suckling hook gonna pull man into the suckling brook oh yeah!  now, he's underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! that's underneath that tree there's gonna be just you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  i push him back and i stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line i get on board in two-eyed time oh yeah!  under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! underneath that tree there's just gonna be you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  now, who's on the table. who's to tell me? oh yeah! who's on the table, who's to tell me? oh yeah! who should i tell, oh, who should i tell? the forty-nine of you like bats out of hell oh underneath that old apple suckling treehighway 51 runs right by my baby's door highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go down to highway 51 no more.  well, i know that highway like i know my hand yes, i know that highway like i know the back of my hand running from up wisconsin way down to no man's land.  well, if i should die before my time should come and if i die before my time should come won't you bury my body out on the highway 51.  highway 51 runs right by my baby's door i said, highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go own to highway 51 no more.i cross the green mountain i sit by the stream heaven blazing in my head i, i dreamt a monstrous dream  something came up out of the sea swept through the land of the rich and the free  i look into the eyes of my merciful friend and then i ask myself is this the end?  memories linger sad yet sweet and i think of the souls in heaven who will be  alters are burning the flames far and wide the fool has crossed over from the other side  they tip their caps from the top of the hill you can feel them come all brave blood do spill  along the dim atlantic line the rapper's land lasts for miles behind  the lights coming forward and the streets are broad all must yield to the avenging god  the world is old the world is great lessons of life can't be learned in a day  i watch and i wait and i listen while i stand to the music that comes from a far better land  close the eyes of our captain peace may he know his long night is done the great leader is laid low  he was ready to fall he was quick to defend killed outright he was by his own men  it's the last day's last hour of the last happy year i feel that the unknown the world is so dear  pride will vanish and glory will rot but virtue lives and cannot be forgot  the bells of evening have rung there's blasphemy on the end of the tongue  let them say that i walked in fair nature's light and that i was loyal to truth and to right  serve god and meet your full look upward beyond beyond the darkness that masks the surprises of dawn  in the deep green grasses and the blood stained woods they never dreamed of surrendering they fell where they stood  stars fell over alabama i saw each star you're walking in dreams whoever you are  chilled are the skies keen is the frost the ground's froze hard and the morning is lost  a letter to mother came today gunshot wound to the breast is what it did say  but he'll be better soon he's in a hospital bed but he'll never be better he's already dead  i'm ten miles outside the city and i'm lifted away in an ancient light that is not of day  they were calm, they were gloomed we knew them all too well we loved each other more than we ever dared to tellwell i wandered alone, through a desert of stone, and i dreamed of my future wife. my sword's in my hand, and i'm next in command, in this version of death called life. my plate and my cup, are right straight up, i took a rose from the hand of a child. when i kiss your lips, the honey drips, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  every day we meet, on any old street, and you're in your girlish prime. the short and the tall, are coming to the ball, i go there all the time. behind every tree, there's something to see, the river is wider than a mile. i tried you twice, you can't be nice, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  here come the nurse, with money in her purse, here come the ladies and men. you push it all in, and you've no chance to win, you play 'em on down to the end. i'm laying in the sand, getting a sunshine tan, moving along, riding in style. from my toes to my head, you knock me dead, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  i count the years, and i shed no tears, i'm blinded to what might have been. nature's voice, makes my heart rejoice, play me the wild song of the wind. i found hopeless love, in the room above, when the sun and the weather were riled. you're as fine as wine, i ain't handing you no line, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  all the merry little elves, can go hang themselves, my faith is as cold as can be. i'm stacked high to the roof, and i'm not without proof, if you don't believe me, come see. you think i'm blue, i think so, too, in my words you'll find no guile. the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.well, the lone ranger and tonto they are ridin' down the line fixin' ev'rybody's troubles ev'rybody's 'cept mine somebody musta tol' 'em that i was doin' fine  oh you five and ten cent women with nothin' in your heads i got a real gal i'm lovin' and lord i'll love her till i'm dead go away from my door and my window too right now  lord, i ain't goin' down to no race track see no sports car run i don't have no sports car and i don't even care to have one i can walk anytime around the block  well, the wind keeps a-blowin' me up and down the street with my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet watch out so you don't step on me  well, lookit here buddy you want to be like me pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see tell the judge i said it was all right yes!like the lion tears the flesh off of a man so can a woman who passes herself off as a male they sang "danny boy" at his funeral and the lord's prayer preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head he feeds off of everyone that he can touch he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash he's not somebody that you play around with much miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is she'll do wondrous works with your fate feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors how to enter into the gates of paradise no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in sing "amazing grace" all the way to the swiss banks  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  they got some beautiful people out there, man they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue they got mystery written all over their forehead they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young they don't believe in mercy judgment on them is something that you'll never see they can exalt you up or bring you down main route turn you into anything that they want you to be  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  yes, i guess i loved him too i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped struck down by the strength of the will ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid from now on, this'll be where you're from let the dead bury the dead. your time will come let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' backwell, it's all of fair and handsome girl, she's all in her tender years. she fell in love with a sailor boy, it's true she loved him well. for to go off to sea with him like she did not know how, she longed to see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  so she bargained with the sailor boy, all for a piece of gold. straightaway then he led her down into the hold, sayin', "i'll dress you up in sailor's clothes, your jacket shall be blue. you'll see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  now, when the other sailors heard the news, well, they fell into a rage, and with all the ship's company they were willing to engage. saying, "we'll tie her hands and feet, my boys, overboard we'll throw her. she'll never see that seaport town called canadee-i-o.  now, when the captain he heard the news, well, he too fell in a rage, and with the whole ship's company he was willing to engage, sayin', "she'll stay in sailor's clothes, her color shall be blue, she'll see that seaport town call canadee-i-o.  now, when they come down to canada scarcely 'bout half a year, she's married this bold captain who called her his dear. she's dressed in silks and satins now, she cuts a gallant show, finest of the ladies down canadee-i-o.  come, all you fair and tender girls, wheresoever you may be, i'd have you to follow your own true love whene'er he goes to sea. for if the sailors prove false to you, well, the captain, he might prove true. you'll see the honor i have gained by the wearing of the blue.hollis brown he lived on the outside of town hollis brown he lived on the outside of town with his wife and five children and his cabin brokin' down.  you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile.  your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe.  the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare if there's anyone that knows is there anyone that cares ?  you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend your empty pocket tell you that you ain't a-got no friend.  your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your wife's screams are stabbin' you like the dirty drivin' rain.  your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your spent your last lone dollar on seven shotgun shels.  way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls your eyes fix on the shortgun that's hangin' on the wall.  your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your eyes fix on the shortgun that you're holdin' in your hand.  there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar.  there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm somewhere in the distance there's seven new people born.oh, the gentlemen are talking and the midnight moon is on the riverside they're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide i live in another world where life and death are memorized where the earth is strung with lover's pearls and all i see are dark eyes.  a cock is crowing far away and another soldier's deep in prayer some mother's child has gone astray, she can't find him anywhere but i hear another rum beating for the dead that rise whom nature's beast fear as they come and all i see are dark eyes.  they tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes they tell me revenge is sweet, i'm sure it is but i feel nothing for their game, where beauty goes unrecognized all i feel is heat and flame, and all i see are dark eyes.  oh, the french girl, she's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel hunger pays a heavy prize to the falling god of speed and steel oh, time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies a million faces at my feet but all i see are dark eyes.i pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would've stayed home, who uses all his power to do evil but in the end is always left so alone. that man whom with his fingers cheats and who lies with ev'ry breath, who passionately hates his life and likewise, fears his death.  i pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain, whose heaven is like ironsides, whose tears are like rain, who eats but is not satisfied, who hears but does not see, who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me.  i pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud, who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood, whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass. i pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass.go 'way from my window leave at your own chosen speed i'm not the one you want, babe i'm not the one you need you say you're lookin' for someone who's never weak but always strong to protect you an' defend you whether you are right or wrong someone to open each and every door but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go lightly from the ledge, babe go lightly on the ground i'm not the one you want, babe i will only let your down you say you're lookin' for someone who will promise never to part someone to close his eyes for you someone to close his heart someone who will die for you an' more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go melt back into the night everything inside is made of stone there's nothing in here moving an' anyway i'm not alone you say you're looking for someone who'll pick you up each time you fall to gather flowers constantly an' to come each time you call a lover for you life an' nothing more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me, babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.said the night wind to the little lamb do you see what i see? way up in the sky, little lamb do you see what i see? a star, a star, dancing in the night with a tail as big as a kite with a tail as big as a kite  said the little lamb to the shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? ringing through the sky, shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? a song, a song high above the trees with a voice as big as the sea with a voice as big as the sea  said the shepherd boy to the mighty king do you know what i know? in your palace warm, mighty king do you know what i know? a child, a child shivers in the cold let us bring him silver and gold let us bring him silver and gold  said the king to the people everywhere listen to what i say! pray for peace, people, everywhere listen to what i say! the child, the child sleeping in the night he will bring us goodness and light he will bring us goodness and lighti woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. i woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. wishin' my long-lost lover will walk to me, talk to me, tell me what it's all about.  i was standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. well, my wrist was empty but my nerves were kickin', tickin' like a clock.  if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. you can come to me sometime, night time, day time, any time you want.  sometimes i'm thinkin'  i'm too high to fall. sometimes i'm thinkin' i'm too high to fall. other times i'm thinkin' i'm so low i don't know if i can come up at all.  black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. though it's funny, honey, i just don't feel much like a scarecrow today.now there's a man you'll hear about most anywhere you go, and his holdings are in texas and his name is diamond joe.  and he carries all his money in a diamond-studded jar. he never took much trouble with the process of the law.  i hired out to diamond joe, boys, did offer him my hand, he gave a string of horses so old they could not stand.  and i nearly starved to death, boys, he did mistreat me so, and i never saved a dollar in the pay of diamond joe.  now his bread it was corn dodger and his meat you couldn't chaw, nearly drove me crazy with the wagging of his jaw.  and the telling of his story, mean to let you know that there never was a rounder that could lie like diamond joe.  now, i tried three times to quit him, but he did argue so i'm still punching cattle in the pay of diamond joe.  and when i'm called up yonder and it's my time to go, give my blankets to my buddies give the fleas to diamond joe.by bob dylan    if you getcha one girl, better get two  case you run into gypsy lou  she's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind  always leavin' somebody behind.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i seen the whole country through  just to find gypsy lou  seen it up, seen it down  followin' gypsy lou around.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i gotta stop and take some rest  my poor feet are second best  my poor feet are wearin' thin  gypsy lou's gone again.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, seen her up in old cheyenne  turned my head and away she ran  from denver town to wichita  last i heard she's in arkansas.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i tell you what if you what if you want to do  tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes  if you want to wear out your shoes  try and follow gypsy lou.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, gypsy lou, i been told  livin' down on gallus road  gallus road, arlington  moved away to washington.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i went down to washington  then she went to oregon  i skipped the ground and hopped a train  she's back in gallus road again.  hey, i can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, the last i heard of gypsy lou  she's in a memphis calaboose  she left one too many a boy behind  he committed suicide.  hey, you can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone againi once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze. with the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn. i courted her proudly but now she is gone, gone as the season she's taken.  through young summer's breeze, i stole her away from her mother and sister, though close did they stay. each one of them suffering from the failures of their day, with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.  of the two sisters, i loved the young. with sensitive instincts, she was the creative one. the constant scapegoat, she was easily undone by the jealousy of others around her.  for her parasite sister, i had no respect, bound by her boredom, her pride to protect. countless visions of the other she'd reflect as a crutch for her scenes and her society.  myself, for what i did, i cannot be excused, the changes i was going through can't even be used, for the lies that i told her in hopes not to lose the could-be dream-lover of my lifetime.  with unknown consciousness, i possessed in my grip a magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped, noticing not that i'd already slipped to a sin of love's false security.  from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace, answers of emptiness, voice vacancies, till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but, "please, what's wrong and what's exactly the matter?"  and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen, the timeless explosion of fantasy's dream. at the peak of the night, the king and the queen tumbled all down into pieces.  "the tragic figure!" her sister did shout, "leave her alone, god damn you, get out!" and i in my armor, turning about and nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness.  beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound her sister and i in a screaming battleground. and she in between, the victim of sound, soon shattered as a child 'neath her shadows.  all is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight. i gagged twice, doubled, tears blinding my sight. my mind it was mangled, i ran into the night leaving all of love's ashes behind me.  the wind knocks my window, the room it is wet. the words to say i'm sorry, i haven't found yet. i think of her often and hope whoever she's met will be fully aware of how precious she is.  ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me, "how good, how good does it feel to be free?" and i answer them most mysteriously, "are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"by bob dylan    well, your clock is gonna stop  at saint peter's gate.  ya gonna ask him what time it is,  he's gonna say, "it's too late."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna start to sweat  and you ain't gonna stop.  you're gonna have a nightmare  and never wake up.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna cry for pills  and your head's gonna be in a knot,  but the pills are gonna cost more  than what you've got.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna have to walk naked,  can't ride in no car.  you're gonna let ev'rybody see  just what you are.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    well, the good wine's a-flowin'  for five cents a quart.  you're gonna look in your moneybags  and find you're one cent short.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna yell and scream,  "don't anybody care?"  you're gonna hear out a voice say,  "shoulda listened when you heard the word down there."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.beyond the horizon, behind the sun at the end of the rainbow life has only begun in the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above beyond the horizon it is easy to love  my wretched heart's pounding i felt an angel's kiss my memories are drowning in mortal bliss  beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall love waits forever for one and for all  beyond the horizon across the divide 'round about midnight, we'll be on the same side down in the valley the water runs cold beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul  i'm touched with desire what don't i do? i'll throw the logs on the fire i'll build my world around you  beyond the horizon, at the end of the game every step that you take, i'm walking the same  beyond the horizon the night winds blow the theme of a melody from many moons ago the bells of st. mary, how sweetly they chime beyond the horizon i found you just in time  it's dark and it's dreary i ponder in vain i'm weakened, i'm weary my repentance is plain  beyond the horizon o'er the treacherous sea i still can't believe that you've set aside your love for me  beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies in the soft light of morning i'll follow you with my eyes through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone beyond the horizon right down to the bone  it's late in the season never knew, never cared whatever the reason someone's life has been spared  beyond the horizon the sky is so blue i've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' youi got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kids but my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid she's a junkyard angel and she always gives me the bread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, when the pipeline gets broken and i'm lost on the river bridge i'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge and then she comes down the thruway, ready to sew me up with a thread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much she walks like bo diddley and she don't need no crutch she keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, you know i need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead i need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head she brings me everything and more, and just like i said well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bedblack jack davey come a-riden' on back, a-whistlin' loud and merry. made the woods around him ring, and he charmed the heart of a lady, charmed the heart of a lady.  "how old are you, my pretty little miss, how old are you, my honey" she answered to him with a lovin' smile "i'll be sixteen come sunday, be sixteen come sunday."  "come and go with me, my pretty little miss, come and go with me, my honey, take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money you never will want for money  "pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of spanish leather. get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together, we'll both go off together."  well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of spanish leather. got behind him on his horse and they rode off together. they rode off together.  at night the boss came home inquiring about this lady. the servant spoke before she thought, "she's been with black jack dave, rode off with black jack davey."  "well, saddle for me my coal black stud, he's speedier than the gray. i rode all day and i'll ride all night, and i'll overtake my lady. i'll bring back my lady."  well, he rode all night till the broad daylight, till he came to a river ragin', and there he spied his darlin' bride in the arms of black jack davey. wrapped up with black jack davey.  "pull off, pull off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. give to me your lily-white hand and we'll both go home together. we'll both go home together."  well, she pulled off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. gave to him her lily-white hand and said good-bye forever. bid farewell forever.  "would you forsake your house and home, would you forsake your baby? would you forsake your husband, too, to go with black jack davey. rode off with black jack davey?"  "well, i'll forsake my house and home, and i'll forsake my baby. i'll forsake my husband, too, for the love of black jack davey. ride off with black jack davey."  "last night i slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby. tonight i lay on the river banks in the arms of black jack davey, love my black jack davey."highway 51 runs right by my baby's door highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go down to highway 51 no more.  well, i know that highway like i know my hand yes, i know that highway like i know the back of my hand running from up wisconsin way down to no man's land.  well, if i should die before my time should come and if i die before my time should come won't you bury my body out on the highway 51.  highway 51 runs right by my baby's door i said, highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go own to highway 51 no more.i can't wait  wait for you to change my mind  it's late  i'm tryin' to walk the line   well it's way past midnight  and there's some people all around  some on their way up  some on their way down   the air burns and i'm tryin to think straight  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm your man  i've tried to recover the sweet love that we knew   you understand  that my heart can't go on beating without you  well your loveliness has wounded me  i'm reeling from the blow   i wish i knew what it was that keeps me loving you so  i'm breathin' hard standin' at the gate  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  skies are gray   i'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow  night or day  it doesn't matter where i go anymore i just go  if i ever saw you comin' i don't know what i might do   i'd like to think i could control myself  but it isn't true  that's how it is  when things disintegrate   and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm doomed to love you  i been rollin' through stormy weather  i'm thinkin' of you   and all the places we could roam together  it's mighty funny  the end of time has just begun  oh honey, after all these years you're still the one   well i'm strollin' through the lonely graveyard of my mind  i left my life with you  somewhere back there along the line  i thought somehow that i would be spared this day   i don't know how much longer i can waitget you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil fill it with new made corn mash and never more you'll toil you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  build you a fire with hickory, hickory, ash and oak don't use no green or rotten wood, they'll get you by the smoke you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  my daddy he made whiskey, my granddaddy he did too we ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792 you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.by bob dylan    well, it's all up from florida at the start of the spring,  the trucks and the trailers will be winding  like a bullet we'll shoot for the carnival route.  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    from the michigan mud past the wisconsin sun  'cross that minnesota border, keep 'em scrambling  through the clear county lakes and the lumberjack lands,  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    hit fargo on the jump and down to aberdeen  'cross them old black hills, keep 'em rolling  through the cow country towns and the sands of old montana.  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the white line on the highway sails under your wheels,  i've gazed from the trailer window laughing.  oh, our clothes they was torn but the colors they was bright.  following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-many a friend that follows the bend,  the jugglers, the hustlers, the gamblers.  well, i've spent my time with the fortune-telling kind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    oh, it's pound down the rails and it's tie down the tents,  get that canvas flag a-flying.  well, let the caterpillars spin, let the ferris wheel wind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    well, it's roll into town straight to the fairgrounds  just behind the posters that are hanging  and it's fill up every space with a different kind of face  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    get the dancing girls in front, get the gambling show behind,  hear that old music box a-banging.  hear them kids, faces, smiles, up and down the midway aisles  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-drag it on down by the deadline in the town,  hit the old highway by the morning  and it's ride yourself blind for the next town on time  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the harmonicas whined in the lonesome nighttime  drinking red wine as we're rolling,  many a turnin' i turn, many a lesson i learn  from following them fairgrounds a-calling.    and it's roll back down to st. petersburg  tie down the trailers and camp 'em  and the money that we made will pay for the space  from following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride. with a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.  well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door. gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh.  said, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said he, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said, "miss mouse, are you within?" "yes, kind sir, i sit and spin," uh-huh.  he took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee. said, "miss mousey, will you marry me?" uh-huh.  "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent. i wouldn't marry the president, uh-huh  uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,. to think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.  uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown. to buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh  where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh-huh  what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, uh-huh.  well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth. she laid out the table cloth, uh-huh.  next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug. she brought the water jug, uh-huh.  next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee. sat mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.  next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea. danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh-huh.  next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow. she tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh-huh.  next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick. she ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.  next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake. ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.  next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat. swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.  mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook. a lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.  a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf. if you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.in the chilly hours and minutes of uncertainty,  i want to be in the warm heart of your loving mind.  to feel you all around me,  and to take your hand along the sand,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when sundown pales the sky,  i want to hide a while behind your smile,  and everywhere i look your eyes i find.  for me to love you now, would be the sweetest thing,  t'would make me sing,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when rain has hung the leaves with tears,  i want you near, to kill my fears,  to help me to leave all my blues behind.  standing in your heart is where i want to be  and long to be,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.now an' then, there's a fool such as i pardon me if i'm sentimental, when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone i will dream a little dream as years go by now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, but i love you dear, yes i will, until the day i die now an' then there's a fool such as i  pardon me, pardon me if i'm sentimental when we say goodbye don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry when you're gone, when you're gone i will dream a little, i will dream as years go by now an' then, now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i am over you you taught me how to love an' now you say that we are through i am a fool, yes but i love you dear i will love you dear, until the day, until the day i die now an' then, now an' then there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool, a fool such as i now an' then, there's a fool such as iwell, i'm stranded in the city that never sleeps some of these women they just give me the creeps i'm avoidin' the southside the best i can these memories i got, they can strangle a man  well i came ashore in the dead of the night lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm not sorry for nothin' i've done i'm glad i fought - i only wish we'd won the siamese twins are comin' to town people can't wait - they're gathered around  when i left my home the sky split open wide i never wanted to go back there - i'd rather have died you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me if only you knew  my woman got a face like a teddy bear she's tossin' a baseball bat in the air the meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword i'm crashin' my car, trunk first into the boards  you say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice well, i'll sell it to ya at a reduced price you don't understand it - my feelings for you you'd be honest with me, if only you knew  some things are too terrible to be true i won't come here no more if it bothers you the southern pacific leaving at nine forty-five i'm having a hard time believin' some people were ever alive  i'm stark naked, but i don't care i'm going off into the woods, i'm huntin' bare you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew  i'm here to create the new imperial empire i'm going to do whatever circumstances require i care so much for you - didn't think that i could i can't tell my heart that you're no good  well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears you don't understand it - my feelings for you well, you'd be honest with me if only you knewif you're travelin' in the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine if you go when the snowflakes storm when the rivers freeze and summer ends please see she has a coat so warm to keep her from the howlin' winds please see if her hair hangs long if it rolls and flows all down her breast please see for me if her hair's hanging long for that's the way i remember her best i'm a-wonderin' if she remembers me at all many times i've often prayed in the darkness of my night in the brightness of my day so if you're travelin' the north country fair where the winds hit heavy on the borderline remember me to one who lives there for she once was a true love of mine you must leave now, take what you need, you think will last but whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast yonder stands your orphan with his gun crying like a fire in the sun look out the saints are comin' through and it's all over now, baby blue  the highway is for gamblers, better use your sense take what you have gathered from coincidence the empty-handed painter from your streets is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets this sky, too, is folding under you and it's all over now, baby blue  all your seasick sailors, they are rowing home all your reindeer armies, are all going home the lover who just walked out your door has taken all his blankets from the floor the carpet, too, is moving under you and it's all over now, baby blue  leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you the vagabond who's rapping at your door is standing in the clothes that you once wore strike another match, go start anew and it's all over now, baby bluethey're selling postcards of the hanging, they're painting the passports brown the beauty parlor is filled with sailors, the circus is in town here comes the blind commissioner, they've got him in a trance one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker, the other is in his pants and the riot squad they're restless, they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight, from desolation row  cinderella, she seems so easy, "it takes one to know one," she smiles and puts her hands in her back pockets bette davis style and in comes romeo, he's moaning. "you belong to me i believe" and someone says, "you're in the wrong place, my friend, you better leave" and the only sound that's left after the ambulances go is cinderella sweeping up on desolation row  now the moon is almost hidden, the stars are beginning to hide the fortune telling lady has even taken all her things inside all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame  everybody is making love or else expecting rain and the good samaritan, he's dressing, he's getting ready for the show he's going to the carnival tonight on desolation row  now ophelia, she's 'neath the window for her i feel so afraid on her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid to her, death is quite romantic she wears an iron vest her profession's her religion, her sin is her lifelessness and though her eyes are fixed upon noah's great rainbow she spends her time peeking into desolation row  einstein, disguised as robin hood with his memories in a trunk passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette  as he when off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet  now you would not think to look at him, but he was famous long ago for playing the electric violin on desolation row  dr. filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup but all his sexless patients, they're trying to blow it up now his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the cyanide hole and she also keeps the cards that read, "have mercy on his soul" they all play on the penny whistles, you can hear them blow if you lean your head out far enough from desolation row  across the street they've nailed the curtains, they're getting ready for the feast the phantom of the opera a perfect image of a priest they're spoon feeding casanova to get him to feel more assured then they'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words and the phantom's shouting to skinny girls, "get outa here if you don't know casanova is just being punished for going to desolation row"  now at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene is brought down from the castles by insurance men who go check to see that nobody is escaping to desolation row  praise be to nero's neptune the titanic sails at dawn and everybody's shouting, "which side are you on?" and ezra pound and t.s. eliot fighting in the captain's tower while calypso singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers between the windows of the sea where lovely mermaids flow and nobody has to think too much about desolation row  yes, i received your letter yesterday (about the time the doorknob broke) when you asked me how i was doing, was that some kind of joke all these people that you mention, yes, i know them, they're quite lame i had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name right now, i can't read too good, don't send me no more letters no not unless you mail them from desolation rowi was born in dixie in a boomer shack just a little shanty by the railroad track freight train was it taught me how to cry hummin' of the driver was my lullaby i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go baby, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, my daddy was a fireman and my old ma here, she was the only daughter of the engineer my sweetheart loved a brakeman and it ain't no joke it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go oh mama, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, the only thing that makes me laugh again is a southbound whistle on a southbound train every place i want to go i never can go, because you know i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes.don't wanna judge nobody, don't wanna be judged, don't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched. don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt, don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot, don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought. don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried, don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned, don't wanna learn from nobody what i gotta unlearn. don't wanna cheat nobody, don't wanna be cheated, don't wanna defeat nobody if they already been defeated.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna wink at nobody, don't wanna be winked at, don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat. don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused, don't wanna amuse nobody, don't wanna be amused.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.  don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed, don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid. don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed, don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist.  but if you do right to me, baby, i'll do right to you, too. ya got to do unto others  like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.by bob dylan    denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  you got your eyes closed,  heaven knows that you ain't blind.    well, i can see you smiling,  but oh your mouth is inside out.  i can see you smiling,  but you're smiling inside out.  well, i know you're laughin'  but what are you laughin' about.    well, if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  babe, you're tryin' to lose me.  babe, i'm already lost.    well, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  oh, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  well, you call my name  and then say your tongue just slipped.    denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  i'm looking deep in your eyes, babe,  and all i can see is myself.oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration, the birdies were flying from tree to tree. there was little to say, there was no conversation as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree. and the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking, darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb. i was ready to leave, i was already walkin', but the next time i looked there was light in the room. and the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill, oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin', the weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees. the man standin' next to me, his head was exploding, well, i was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me. yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, and the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i put down my robe, picked up my diploma, took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive, straight for the hills, the black hills of dakota, sure was glad to get out of there alive. and the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. and the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me, singing for me, well, singing for me.by bob dylan and helena springs    we have got to come together  how long can we stay apart?  you may get it maybe never  but it's coming from the heart.    your life is full of indecision  you can't make up your mind.  we must get it in position  and move it on down the line.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    make me up a bed of roses  and hang them down from the vine  of all my loves you've been the closest  that's ever been on my mind.    please don't talk about tomorrow  i'm really not one to care  this world is filled with too much sorrow  that nobody's heart should bear.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    please, please give me indication  stop and talk to me  like a river that is flowing  my love will never cease to be.    you will always be my honey  no one could take your part  our love can't be bought with money  'cause it's coming from the heart.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.oh, i'm sailin' away my own true love, i'm sailin' away in the morning. is there something i can send you from across the sea, from the place that i'll be landing?  no, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love, there's nothin' i wish to be ownin'. just carry yourself back to me unspoiled, from across that lonesome ocean.  oh, but i just thought you might want something fine made of silver or of golden, either from the mountains of madrid or from the coast of barcelona.  oh, but if i had the stars from the darkest night and the diamonds from the deepest ocean, i'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss, for that's all i'm wishin' to be ownin'.  that i might be gone a long time and it's only that i'm askin', is there something i can send you to remember me by, to make your time more easy passin'.  oh, how can, how can you ask me again, it only brings me sorrow. the same thing i want from you today, i would want again tomorrow.  i got a letter on a lonesome day, it was from her ship a-sailin', saying i don't know when i'll be comin' back again, it depends on how i'm a-feelin'.  well, if you, my love, must think that-a-way, i'm sure your mind is roamin'. i'm sure your heart is not with me, but with the country to where you're goin'.  so take heed, take heed of the western wind, take heed of the stormy weather. and yes, there's something you can send back to me, spanish boots of spanish leather.i woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. i woke in the mornin', wand'rin', wasted and worn out. wishin' my long-lost lover will walk to me, talk to me, tell me what it's all about.  i was standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. standin' at the side road listenin' to the billboard knock. well, my wrist was empty but my nerves were kickin', tickin' like a clock.  if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. if i got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front. you can come to me sometime, night time, day time, any time you want.  sometimes i'm thinkin'  i'm too high to fall. sometimes i'm thinkin' i'm too high to fall. other times i'm thinkin' i'm so low i don't know if i can come up at all.  black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. black crows in the meadow across a broad highway. though it's funny, honey, i just don't feel much like a scarecrow today.he sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.spoken intro: i first heard this from ric von schmidt. he lives in cambridge. ric is a blues guitar player. i met him one day in the green pastures of harvard university.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  can i come home with you, baby can i come home with you? yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me come home with you.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.by bob dylan    denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  you got your eyes closed,  heaven knows that you ain't blind.    well, i can see you smiling,  but oh your mouth is inside out.  i can see you smiling,  but you're smiling inside out.  well, i know you're laughin'  but what are you laughin' about.    well, if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  babe, you're tryin' to lose me.  babe, i'm already lost.    well, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  oh, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  well, you call my name  and then say your tongue just slipped.    denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  i'm looking deep in your eyes, babe,  and all i can see is myself.when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? did they know he was the son of god, did they know that he was lord? did they hear when he told peter, "peter, put up your sword"? when they came for him in the garden, did they know? when they came for him in the garden, did they know?  when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men saying, "master, tell me why a man must be born again." when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear? when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?  when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he said, "pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize? same thing my father do, i can do likewise." when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see? when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?  did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare? the multitude wanted to make him king, put a crown upon his head why did he slip away to a quiet place instead? did they speak out against him, did they dare? did they speak out against him, did they dare?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?  when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? he said, "all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." did they know right then and there what that power was worth? when he rose from the dead, did they believe? when he rose from the dead, did they believe?i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" well i wandered alone, through a desert of stone, and i dreamed of my future wife. my sword's in my hand, and i'm next in command, in this version of death called life. my plate and my cup, are right straight up, i took a rose from the hand of a child. when i kiss your lips, the honey drips, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  every day we meet, on any old street, and you're in your girlish prime. the short and the tall, are coming to the ball, i go there all the time. behind every tree, there's something to see, the river is wider than a mile. i tried you twice, you can't be nice, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  here come the nurse, with money in her purse, here come the ladies and men. you push it all in, and you've no chance to win, you play 'em on down to the end. i'm laying in the sand, getting a sunshine tan, moving along, riding in style. from my toes to my head, you knock me dead, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  i count the years, and i shed no tears, i'm blinded to what might have been. nature's voice, makes my heart rejoice, play me the wild song of the wind. i found hopeless love, in the room above, when the sun and the weather were riled. you're as fine as wine, i ain't handing you no line, i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  all the merry little elves, can go hang themselves, my faith is as cold as can be. i'm stacked high to the roof, and i'm not without proof, if you don't believe me, come see. you think i'm blue, i think so, too, in my words you'll find no guile. the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.  the game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold, and i'm gonna have to put you down for a while.don't ever try to change me  i been in this thing too long there's nothing you can say or do  to make me think i'm wrong well i'm going off to libya  there's guy i gotta see he's been living there three years now  in an oil refinery i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  call your ma in talahassee tell her her baby's on the line tell her not to worry everything is gonna be fine well i gave you all my money all my connections too there ain't nothing in this world girl you can say i didn't give to you i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  you will be alright girl someone's watching over you he won't do nothing to you baby that i wouldn't do well if you don't want to see me look the other way you don't have to feed me i ain't your dog that's gone astray i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up.i was in your presence for an hour or so or was it a day? i truly don't know where the sun never set, where the trees hung low by that soft and shining sea did you respect me for what i did or what i didn't do, or keeping it hid? did i lose my mind when i tried to get rid  of everything you see?  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  i got the heart and you got the blood we cut through iron and we cut through mud then came the warning that was before the flood that set everybody free fools they made a mock of sin our loyalty they tried to win but you were closer to me than my next of kin  when they didn't want to know or see.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  strangers, they meddled in our affairs poverty and shame were theirs but all that suffering was not to be compared with the glory that is to be and i'm still carrying the gift you gave it's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved it'll go with me unto the grave and into eternity.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.handy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candydelia was a gambling girl, gambled all around, delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out west, when she returned, little delia gone to rest. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's daddy weeped, delia's momma moaned, wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home. all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' looking high, curtis' looking low, he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty-four. all the friends i ever had are gone.  high up on the housetops, high as i can see, looking for them rounders, looking out for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  men in atlanta, tryin' to pass for white, delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight. all the friends i ever had are gone.  judge says to curtis, "what's this noise about?" "all about them rounders, judge, tryin' to cut me out." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis said to the judge, "what might be my fine?" judge says, "poor boy, you got ninety-nine." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup, delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you loved all them rounders, never did love me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you wanted all them rounders, never had time for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.i got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kids but my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid she's a junkyard angel and she always gives me the bread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, when the pipeline gets broken and i'm lost on the river bridge i'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge and then she comes down the thruway, ready to sew me up with a thread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much she walks like bo diddley and she don't need no crutch she keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, you know i need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead i need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head she brings me everything and more, and just like i said well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bedare you ready, are you ready? are you ready, are you ready?  are you ready to meet jesus? are you where you ought to be? will he know you when he sees you or will he say, "depart from me"?  are you ready, hope you're ready am i ready, am i ready? am i ready, am i ready?  am i ready to lay down my life for the brethren and to take up my cross? have i surrendered to the will of god or am i still like the boss?  am i ready, hope i'm ready. when the destruction cometh swiftly and there's no time to say a fare-thee-well have you decided whether you want to be in heaven or in hell?  are you ready, are you ready? have you got some unfinished business? is there something holding you back? are you thinking for yourself or are you following the pack?  are you ready, hope you're ready are you ready?  are you ready for the judgment? are you ready for that terrible swift sword? are you ready for armageddon? are you ready for the day of the lord?  are you ready, i hope you're ready?when you're sad and lonely and you haven't got a friend just remember that death is not the end and all that you hell sacred falls down and dows not bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when you're standing at the cross-roads  that you cannot comprehend just remember that death is not the end and all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when storm clouds gather round you and heavy rains descend just remember that death is not the end and there's nowhere there to comfort you with a helping hand to lend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  oh the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies and the bright light of salvation shines in dark and empty skies  when the cities are on fire when the burning flesh of men just remember that death is nt the end and you search in vain to find  just one law abiding citizen just remember that death is not the end.  not  the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.one evening for pleasure i rambled to view the fair fields all alone down by the banks of loch eiron where beauty and pleasure were known.  i spied a fair maid at her labour which caused me to stay for a while and i thought of a goddess to beauty bloomin' bright star of bright isle.  i humbled myself to her beauty "fair maiden, where do you belong ? are you from heaven descended abiding in cupid's fair throne ?".  "young man, i will tell you a secret it's true i'm a maid that is poor and to part from my vows and my promise is more than my heart can endure.  therefore i remain at my service and go through all my hardship and toil and wait for the lad that has left me all alone on the banks of belle isle".  "young maiden i wish not to banter it's true i come here in disguise i came here to fulfill our last promise and hope to give you a surprise.  i've known you're a maid i love dearly and you've been in my heart all the while for me there is no other damsel than my bloomin' bright star of belle isle".bessie was more than just a friend of mine we shared the good times with the bad now many a year has passed me by i still recall the best thing i ever had  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now all the crazy things i had to try well i tried them all and then some but if you're lucky one day you find out where it is you're really comin' from  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now in my day i've made some foolish moves but back then, i didn't worry 'bout a thing and now again i still wonder to myself was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  there's so much time has gone right on by i didn't think one could be so wrong and then one night i was drinkin' and a-thinkin' in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie's face so strong  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  when she sees me will she know what i've been through? will old times start to feelin' like new? when i get there will our love still feel so true? yet all i have, i'll be a-bringin' it to you oh bessie, sing them old-time bluesoh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son ? and where have you been my darling young one ? i've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains i've walked and i've crawled on six crooked highways i've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests i've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans i've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son ? and what did you see, my darling young one ? i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it i saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin' i saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin' i saw a white ladder all covered with water i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what did you hear, my blue-eyed son ? and what did you hear, my darling young one ? i heard the sound of a thunder, it roared out a warnin' i heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world i heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin' i heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin' i heard one person starve, i heard many people laughin' heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, who did you meet my blue-eyed son ? who did you meet, my darling young one ? i met a young child beside a dead pony i met a white man who walked a black dog i met a young woman whose body was burning i met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow i met one man who was wounded in love i met another man who was wounded in hatred and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son ? and what'll you do now my darling young one ? i'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin' i'll walk to the deepths of the deepest black forest where the people are a many and their hands are all empty where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison where the executioner's face is always well hidden where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten where black is the color, where none is the number and i'll tell and think it and speak it and breathe it and reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it then i'll stand on the ocean until i start sinkin' but i'll know my songs well before i start singin' and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.sad i'm sittin' on the railroad track, watchin' that old smokestack. train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.  years ago we hang around, watchin' trains roll through the town. now that train is a-graveyard bound.  where we go up in that north country, lakes and streams and mines so free, i had no better friend than he.  something happened to him that day, i thought i heard a stranger say, i hung my head and stole away.  a diesel truck was headin' down, pullin' down a heavy load. it left him on a utah road.  they carried him back to his home town, his mother cried, his sister moaned, listenin' to them church bells tone.  a diesel truck was rollin' slow, pullin' down a heavy load. and it left him on a utah road.broken lines, broken strings, broken threads, broken springs, broken idols, broken heads, people sleeping in broken beds. ain't no use jiving ain't no use joking everything is broken.  broken bottles, broken plates, broken switches, broken gates, broken dishes, broken parts, streets are filled with broken hearts. broken words never meant to be spoken, everything is broken.  bridge: seem like every time you stop and turn around something else just hit the ground  broken cutters, broken saws, broken buckles, broken laws, broken bodies, broken bones, broken voices on broken phones. take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin', everything is broken.  bridge: every time you leave and go off someplace things fall to pieces in my face  broken hands on broken ploughs, broken treaties, broken vows, broken pipes, broken tools, people bending broken rules. hound dog howling, bull frog croaking, everything is broken.i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the love light gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreams  i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the lovelight gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreamsi've seen love go by my door it's never been this close before never been so easy or so slow. been shooting in the dark too long when somethin's not right it's wrong yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  dragon clouds so high above i've only known careless love, it's always hit me from below. this time around it's more correct right on target, so direct, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  purple clover, queen anne lace, crimson hair across your face, you could make me cry if you don't know. can't remember what i was thinkin' of you might be spoilin' me too much, love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  flowers on the hillside, bloomin' crazy, crickets talkin' back and forth in rhyme, blue rive runnin' slow and lazy, i could stay with you forever and never realize the time.  situations have ended sad, relationships have all been bad. mine've been like verlaine's and rimbaud. but there's no way i can compare all those scenes to this affair, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  yer gonna make me wonder what i'm doin' stayin' far behind without you. yer gonna make me wonder what i'm sayin' yer gonna make me give myself a good talkin' to.  i'll look for you in old honolulu, san francisco, ashtabula, yer gonna have to leave me now, i know. but i'll see you in the sky above, in the tall grass, in the ones i love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.in the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandthe light in this place is really bad like being in the bottom of a stream any minute now i'm expecting to wake up from a dream miss so much the softest touch like the grave of some child child who neither wept nor smiled i'm hiding my faith in the rain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  somewhere dawn is breaking light is streaking across the floor church bells are ringing i wonder who they're ringing for travel under any star you'll see me wherever you are  the shadowy past is so vague and so vast i'm sleeping in the balance of pain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  maybe they'll get me maybe they won't but whatever it won't be tonight i wish your hand was in mine right now we could go where the moon is wide  for years they had me locked in a cage then they threw me onto the stage somethings just last longer then you thought they would and they never ever explain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  well i eat when i'm hungry drink when i'm dry live my life on the square even if the flesh falls off my face it won't matter as long as you're there  feel like a ghost in love underneath the heavens above feel further away then i ever did before feel further than i can take dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  everything in the way is so shy like the day in queer and unusual form spirals of golden haze here in there in a blaze like beams of light in a star  maybe you're here or maybe you weren't maybe you touched somebody and got burned the silent sun has got me on the run burning a hole in my brain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insanebuckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?they're selling postcards of the hanging, they're painting the passports brown the beauty parlor is filled with sailors, the circus is in town here comes the blind commissioner, they've got him in a trance one hand is tied to the tight-rope walker, the other is in his pants and the riot squad they're restless, they need somewhere to go as lady and i look out tonight, from desolation row  cinderella, she seems so easy, "it takes one to know one," she smiles and puts her hands in her back pockets bette davis style and in comes romeo, he's moaning. "you belong to me i believe" and someone says, "you're in the wrong place, my friend, you better leave" and the only sound that's left after the ambulances go is cinderella sweeping up on desolation row  now the moon is almost hidden, the stars are beginning to hide the fortune telling lady has even taken all her things inside all except for cain and abel and the hunchback of notre dame  everybody is making love or else expecting rain and the good samaritan, he's dressing, he's getting ready for the show he's going to the carnival tonight on desolation row  now ophelia, she's 'neath the window for her i feel so afraid on her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid to her, death is quite romantic she wears an iron vest her profession's her religion, her sin is her lifelessness and though her eyes are fixed upon noah's great rainbow she spends her time peeking into desolation row  einstein, disguised as robin hood with his memories in a trunk passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette  as he when off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet  now you would not think to look at him, but he was famous long ago for playing the electric violin on desolation row  dr. filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup but all his sexless patients, they're trying to blow it up now his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the cyanide hole and she also keeps the cards that read, "have mercy on his soul" they all play on the penny whistles, you can hear them blow if you lean your head out far enough from desolation row  across the street they've nailed the curtains, they're getting ready for the feast the phantom of the opera a perfect image of a priest they're spoon feeding casanova to get him to feel more assured then they'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words and the phantom's shouting to skinny girls, "get outa here if you don't know casanova is just being punished for going to desolation row"  now at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene is brought down from the castles by insurance men who go check to see that nobody is escaping to desolation row  praise be to nero's neptune the titanic sails at dawn and everybody's shouting, "which side are you on?" and ezra pound and t.s. eliot fighting in the captain's tower while calypso singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers between the windows of the sea where lovely mermaids flow and nobody has to think too much about desolation row  yes, i received your letter yesterday (about the time the doorknob broke) when you asked me how i was doing, was that some kind of joke all these people that you mention, yes, i know them, they're quite lame i had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name right now, i can't read too good, don't send me no more letters no not unless you mail them from desolation rowof war and peace the truth just twists its curfew gull just glides upon four-legged forest clouds the cowboy angel rides with his candle lit into the sun though its glow is waxed in black all except when 'neath the trees of eden  the lamppost stands with folded arms its iron claws attached to curbs 'neath holes where babies wail though it shadows metal badge all and all can only fall with a crashing but meaningless blow no sound ever comes from the gates of eden  the savage soldier sticks his head in sand and then complains unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf but still remains upon the beach where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails heading for the gates of eden  with a time-rusted compass blade aladdin and his lamp sits with utopian hermit monks side saddle on the golden calf and on their promises of paradise you will not hear a laugh all except inside the gates of eden  relationships of ownership they whisper in the wings to those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings and i try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings there are no kings inside the gates of eden  the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and her silver-studded phantom cause the gray flannel dwarf to scream as he weeps to wicked birds of prey who pick up on his bread crumb sins and there are no sins inside the gates of eden  the kingdoms of experience in the precious wind they rot while paupers change possessions each one wishing for what the other has got and the princess and the prince discuss what's real and what is not it doesn't matter inside the gates of eden  the foreign sun, it squints upon a bed that is never mine as friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign leaving men wholly, totally free to do anything they wish to do but die and there are no trials inside the gates of eden  at dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams with no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means at times i think there are no words but these to tell what's true and there are no truths outside the gates of edenget you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil fill it with new made corn mash and never more you'll toil you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  build you a fire with hickory, hickory, ash and oak don't use no green or rotten wood, they'll get you by the smoke you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.  my daddy he made whiskey, my granddaddy he did too we ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792 you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight."oh, help me in my weakness," i heard the drifter say, as they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away. "my trip hasn't been a pleasant one and my time it isn't long, and i still do not know what it was that i've done wrong."  well, the judge, he cast his robe aside, a tear came to his eye, "you fail to understand," he said, "why must you even try?" outside, the crowd was stirring, you could hear it from the door. inside, the judge was stepping down, while the jury cried for more.  "oh, stop that cursed jury," cried the attendant and the nurse, "the trial was bad enough, but this is ten times worse." just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape, and while ev'rybody knelt to pray the drifter did escape.pistol shots ring out in the barroom night enter patty valentine from the upper hall. she sees the bartender in a pool of blood,  cries out, "my god, they killed them all!" here comes the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  three bodies lyin' there does patty see and another man named bello, movin' around mysteriously. "i didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands "i was only robbin' the register, i hope you understand. i saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops "one of us had better call up the cops." and so patty calls the cops and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin' in the hot new jersey night.  meanwhile, far away in another part of town rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around. number one contender for the middleweight crown had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road just like the time before and the time before that. in paterson that's just the way things go. if you're black you might as well not show up on the street 'less you want to draw the heat.  alfred bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops. him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin' around he said, "i saw two men runnin' out, they looked like middleweights they jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates." and miss patty valentine just nodded her head. cop said, "wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead" so they took him to the infirmary and though this man could hardly see they told him that he could identify the guilty men.  four in the mornin' and they haul rubin in,  take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs. the wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye says, "wha'd you bring him in here for? he ain't the guy!" yes, here's the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  four months later, the ghettos are in flame,  rubin's in south america, fightin' for his name while arthur dexter bradley's still in the robbery game and the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.  "remember that murder that happened in a bar?" "remember you said you saw the getaway car?" "you think you'd like to play ball with the law?" "think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?" "don't forget that you are white."  arthur dexter bradley said, "i'm really not sure." cops said, "a poor boy like you could use a break we got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend bello now you don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow. you'll be doin' society a favor. that sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver. we want to put his ass in stir we want to pin this triple murder on him he ain't no gentleman jim."  rubin could take a man out with just one punch but he never did like to talk about it all that much. it's my work, he'd say, and i do it for pay and when it's over i'd just as soon go on my way up to some paradise where the trout streams flow and the air is nice and ride a horse along a trail. but then they took him to the jailhouse where they trialed a man into a mouse.  all of rubin's cards were marked in advance the trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance. the judge made rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums to the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum and to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger. no one doubted that he pulled the trigger.  and though they could not produce the gun,  the d.a. said he was the one who did the deed and the all-white jury agreed.  rubin carter was falsely tried. the crime was murder "one," guess who testified? bello and bradley and they both baldly lied and the newspapers, they all went along for the ride. how can the life of such a man be in the palm of some fool's hand? to see him obviously framed couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land where justice is a game.  now all the criminals in their coats and their ties are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise while rubin sits like buddha in a ten-foot cell an innocent man in a living hell. that's the story of the hurricane,  but it won't be over till they clear his name and give him back the time he's done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.god knows you ain't pretty, god knows it's true. god knows there ain't anybody ever gonna take the place of you.  god knows it's a struggle, god knows it's a crime, god knows there's gonna be no more water but fire next time.  [bridge #1:] god didn't call it treason, god didn't call it wrong, it was supposed to last a season but it's been so strong for so long.  god knows it's fragile, god knows everything, god knows it could snap apart right now just like putting scissors to a string.  [bridge #2:] god knows it's terrifying, god sees it all unfold, there's a million reasons for you to be crying you been so bold and so cold.  god knows that when you see it, god knows you've got to weep, god knows the secrets of your heart, he'll tell them to you when you're asleep.  god knows there's a river, god knows how to make it flow, god knows you ain't gonna be taking nothing with you when you go.  god knows there's a purpose, god knows there's a chance, god knows you can rise above the darkest hour of any circumstance.  god knows there's a heaven, god knows it's out of sight, god knows we can get all the way from here to there even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight.just a minute before you leave, girl just a minute before you touch the door what is it that you're trying to achieve, girl? do you think we can talk about it some more? you know the streets are filled with vipers who've lost all ray of hope you know, it ain't even safe no more in the palace of the pope.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  come over here from over there, girl sit down here, you can have my chair i can't see us going anywhere, girl the only place open is a thousand miles away and i can't take you there i wish i'd have been a doctor maybe i'd have saved some life that had been lost maybe i'd have done some good in the world 'stead of burning every bridge i crossed.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  i ain't too good at conversation, girl so you might not know exactly how i feel but if i could, i'd bring you to the mountaintop, girl and build you a house made out of stainless steel but it's like i'm stuck inside a painting my throat start to tickle and my nose itches but i know that i can't move.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's gone but the past lives on tomorrow's just one step beyond and i need you, yeah.  who are these people who are walking towards you do you know them or will there be a fight? with their humorless smiles so easy to see through can they tell you what's wrong from right?  do you remember st. james street where you blew jackie p.'s mind? you were so fine, clark gable would have fell at your feet and laid his life on the line.  let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl no more booby traps and bombs no more decadence and charm no more affection that's been misplaced, girl no more mud cake creatures lying in your arms what about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants? he looked so baffled and bewildered when he played and we didn't dance.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.well, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. yes, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. lord, i really miss my baby, she's in some far-off land.  well, your streets are gettin' empty, lord, your highway's gettin' filled. and your streets are gettin' empty and your highway's gettin' filled. well, the way i love that woman, i swear it's bound to get me killed.  well, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. yes, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. right now i'm havin' trouble, please don't take away my highway shoes.  well, i'm bound to get lucky, baby, or i'm bound to die tryin'. yes, i'm a-bound to get lucky, baby, lord, lord i'm a-bound to die tryin'. well, meet me in the middle of the ocean and we'll leave this ol' highway behind.  well, the ocean took my baby, my baby stole my heart from me. yes, the ocean took my baby, my baby took my heart from me. she packed it all up in a suitcase, lord, she took it away to italy, italy.  so, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my poor eyes can see. yes, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my eyes can see. from the golden gate bridge all the way to the statue of liberty.have yourself a merry little christmas let your heart be light  next year our troubles will be out of sight  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  here we are as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow until then we'll have to motor through somehow and have yourself a merry little christmas now  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  once again as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow so hang a shining star upon the highest bough and have yourself a merry little christmas now have yourself a merry little christmas nowcome baby, find me, come baby, remind me of where i once begun come baby, show me, show me you know me, tell me you're the one i could be learning, you could be yearning to see behind the closed door but i will always be emotionally yours.  come baby, rock me, come baby, locl me into the shadows of your heart come baby, teach me, come baby, reach me, let the music start i could be dreaming but i keep believing you're the one i'm living for and i will always be emotionally yours.  it's like my whole life never happened when i see you, it's if i never had a thought i know this dream, it might be crazy but it's the only one i got. okay.  come baby, shake me, come baby, take me, i would be satisfied come baby, hold me, come baby, help me, my arms are open wide i could be unraveling wherever i'm traveling, even to foreign shores but i will always be emotionally yours.you been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe, but you're back where you belong. go get me my pistol, babe, honey, i can't tell right from wrong.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  go down to the river, babe, honey, i will meet you there. go down to the river, babe, honey, i will pay your fare.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  if you're looking for assistance, babe, or if you just want some company or if you just want a friend you can talk to, honey, come and see about me.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  you been hurt so many times and i know what you're thinking of. well, i don't have to be no doctor, babe, to see that you're madly in love.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"  hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"well, i took me a woman late last night, i's three-fourths drunk, she looked uptight. she took off her wheel, took off her bell, took off her wig, said, "how do i smell?" i hot-footed it, bare-naked out the window!  well, sometimes i might get drunk, walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk. don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride 'cause i got my little lady right by my side. (right there proud as can be)  i's out there paintin' on the old woodshed when a can a black paint it fell on my head. i went down to scrub and rub but i had to sit in back of the tub. cost a quarter and i had to get out quick someone wanted to come in and take a sauna  well, my telephone rang it would not stop, it's president kennedy callin' me up. he said, "my friend, bob, what do we need to make the country grow?" i said, "my friend, john, brigitte bardot, anita ekberg,  sophia loren." put 'em all in the same room with ernest borgnine!  well, i got a woman sleeps on a cot, she yells and hollers and squeals a lot. licks my face and tickles my ear, bends me over and buys me beer. (she's a honeymooner a june crooner a spoon feeder and a natural leader)  oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy, i got a woman who works on the levee. pumping that water up to her neck, every week she sends me a monthly check. she's a humdinger folk singer dead ringer for a thing-a-muh jigger  late one day in the middle of the week, eyes were closed i was half asleep. i chased me a woman up the hill, right in the middle of an air raid drill. it was little bo peep! (i jumped a fallout shelter i jumped a bean stalk i jumped a ferris wheel)  now, the man on the stand he wants my vote, he's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note. he's out there preachin' in front of the steeple, tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people. (he's eatin' bagels he's eatin' pizza he's eatin' chitlins he's eatin' bullshit!)  oh, set me down on a television floor, i'll flip the channel to number four. out of the shower comes a grown-up man with a bottle of hair oil in his hand. (it's that greasy kid stuff. what i want to know, mr. football man, is what do you do about willy mays and yul brynner, charles de gaulle and robert louis stevenson?)  well, the funniest woman i ever seen was the great-granddaughter of mr. clean. she takes about fifteen baths a day, wants me to grow a cigar on my face. (she's a little bit heavy!)  well, ask me why i'm drunk alla time, it levels my head and eases my mind. i just walk along and stroll and sing, i see better days and i do better things. i catch dinosaurs i make love to elizabeth taylor catch hell from richard burton!)down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.hazel, dirty-blonde hair i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere. you got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.  hazel, stardust in your eye you're goin' somewhere and so am i. i'd give you the sky high above ooh, for a little touch of your love.  oh no, i don't need any reminder to know how much i really care but it's just making me blinder and blinder because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  hazel, you called and i came, now don't make me play this waiting game. you've got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.well, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. no, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. but i still got my voice left, i can take it anywhere i go. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. no, i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. many times i've bended but i ain't never yet bowed. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  trouble, oh trouble, i've trouble on my mind trouble, oh trouble, trouble on my mind. but the trouble in the world, lord, is much more bigger than mine. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i never had no armies to jump at my command. no, i ain't got no armies to jump at my command. but i don't need no armies, i got me one good friend. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. but as long as the world keeps a-turnin', i just keep a-turnin' too. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  well, my road might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. my road it might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. but as some folks ain't got no road at all, they gotta stand in the same old place. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.i married isis on the fifth day of may but i could not hold on to her very long so i cut off my hair and i rode straight away for the wild unknown country where i could not go wrong.  i came to a high place of darkness and light the dividing line ran through the center of town i hitched up my pony to a post on the right went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.  a man in the corner approached me for a match i knew right away he was not ordinary he said "are you looking for something easy to catch ?" i said "i got no money". he said "that ain't necessary".  we set out that night for the cold in the north i gave him my blanket he gave me his word i said "where are we going ?" he said "we'd be back by the fourth" i said "that's the best new that i've ever heard".  i was thinking about turquoise i was thinking about gold i was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace as we rode through the canyons through the devilish cold i was thinking about isis how she thought i was so reckless.  how she told me that one day we meet up again and things would be different the next time we wed if i only could hang on and just be her friend i still can't remember all the best things she said.  we came to the pyramids all embedded in ice he said "there's a body i'm trying to find if i carry it out it'll bring a good prize" it was then that i knew what he had on his mind.  the wind it was howling and the snow was outrageous we chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn when he died i was hoping that it wasn't contagious but i made up my mind that i had to go on. i broke into the tomb but the casket was empty there was no jewels no nothing i felt i'd been had when i saw that my partner was just being friendly when i took up his offer i must-a been mad.   i picked up his body and i dragged him inside threw him down in the hole and i put back the cover i said a quick prayer and i felt satisfied then i rode back to find isis just to tell her i love her.  she was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise blinded by sleep and in need of a bed i came in from the east with the sun in my eyes i cursed her one time then i rode on ahead.  she said "where ya been ?" i said "no place special ?" she said "you look different" i said "well i guess" she said "you been gone" i said "that's only natural" she said "you gonna stay ?" i said "if you want me to, yeah ".  isis oh isis you mystical child what drives me to you is what drives me insane i still can remember the way that you smiled on the fifth day of may in the drizzling rain.how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to spend the holiday away across the sea? how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to hang a stocking on a great big coconut tree?  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true on christmas island your dreams come truecorrina, corrina, gal, where you been so long? corrina, corrina,  gal, where you been so long? i been worr'in' 'bout you, baby, baby, please come home.  i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. i got a bird that whistles, i got a bird that sings. but i ain' a-got corrina, life don't mean a thing.  corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. corrina, corrina, gal, you're on my mind. i'm a-thinkin' 'bout you, baby, i just can't keep from crying.down over the window from the dazzling sunlit rays through the back alleys, through the blinds another one of them endless days  honey bees are buzzing leaves begin to stir i'm in love with my second cousin i tell myself i could be happy forever with her  i keep listening for footsteps but i ain't never hearing any from the boat, i fish for bullheads i catch a lot, sometimes too many  a summer breeze is blowin' a squall is setting in sometimes it's just plain stupid to get into any kind of wind  well the old men 'round here sometimes they get on bad terms with the younger men, old, young, age don't carry weight it doesn't matter in the end  one of the boss' hangers-on sometimes comes to call at times you least expect tryin' to bully you, strongarm you, inspire you with fear it has the opposite effect  there's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town the old one is long gone 10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across burns with the bark still on  they say times are hard if you don't believe it you can follow your nose it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere we'll just have to see how it goes  my old man, he's like some feudal lord he's got more lives than a cat i've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once things come alive or they fall flat  you can smell the pine wood burnin' you can hear the school bell ring got to get up near the teacher, if you can if you wanna learn anything  romeo, he said to juliet, you got a poor complexion it don't give you an appearance or a youthful touch juliet said back to romeo, why don't you just shove off, if it bothers you so much  they got outta here any way they could cold rain can give you the shivers they went down the ohio, the cumberland, the tennessee, all the rest of them rebel rivers  if you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again, you do so at the peril of your life i'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as i sound i've seen enough heartache and strife  my grandfather was a duck trapper, he could do it with just dragnets and ropes (?) my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth, i don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.  i had 'em once, though i suppose to go along with all the ring dancing, christmas carols and all the christmas eves i left all my dreams and hopes buried under tobacco leaves  not always easy kicking someone up got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task sometimes somebody wants you to give something up and tears or not, it's too much to ask.come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song. sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong. just a little glimpse of a story i'll tell 'bout an east coast city that you all know well.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  old new york city is a friendly old town, from washington heights to harlem on down. there's a-mighty many people all millin' all around, they'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.  it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  it's a mighty long ways from the golden gate to rockefeller plaza n' the empire state. mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird, old mister empire never says a word.  it's hard times from the country, livin' down in new york town.  well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work. stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt. if you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry, if you only got a nickel, it's the staten island ferry.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  mister hudson come a-sailin' down the stream and old mister minuet paid for his dream. bought your city on a one-way track, if i had my way i'd sell it right back.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  i'll take all the smog in california 'n every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains, 'n the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines. it's all much cleaner than the new york kind.  and it's hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.  so all you newsy people, spreadin' the news around, you see'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song. you see'n step on my name, you see'n try 'n' get me beat, when i leave new york, i'll be standin' on my feet.  hard times in the city, livin' down in new york town.smoky autumn night, stars up in the sky, i see the sailin' boats across the bay go by. eucalyptus trees hang above the street and then i turn my head, for you're approachin' me. moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room with a golden loom.  first we wash our feet near the immortal shrine and then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine. i see the hungry clouds up above your face and then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste. and then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom  with your golden loom.  i walk across the bridge in the dismal light where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night. i see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail and then i kiss your lips as i lift your veil. but you're gone and then all i seem to recall is the smell of perfume and your golden loom.if not for you, babe, i couldn't find the door, couldn't even see the floor, i'd be sad and blue, if not for you.  if not for you, babe, i'd lay awake all night, wait for the mornin' light to shine in through, but it would not be new, if not for you.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, i'd be lost if not for you, and you know it's true.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, oh! what would i do if not for you.  if not for you, winter would have no spring, couldn't hear the robin sing, i just wouldn't have a clue, anyway it wouldn't ring true, if not for you.i hear that train a-rolling, it's a-rolling round the bend i ain't seen the sunshine since i don't know when i'm stucked in folsom prison and time keeps dragging on and i hear that whistle blowing all down to san antone  when i was just a baby my momma told me: son always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns but i shot a man in reno just to watch him die when i hear that train a-pulling i hang my head and cry  i bet there's rich folks eating in their fancy dining cars they're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars but i know i had it coming, i know i can't be free but the people keep a-moving, and that's what tortures me  if they'd free me from this prison, if that railroad train was mine you bet i moved it on a little further down the line far from folsom prison that's where i long to stay and i'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues awayin the chilly hours and minutes of uncertainty,  i want to be in the warm heart of your loving mind.  to feel you all around me,  and to take your hand along the sand,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when sundown pales the sky,  i want to hide a while behind your smile,  and everywhere i look your eyes i find.  for me to love you now, would be the sweetest thing,  t'would make me sing,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when rain has hung the leaves with tears,  i want you near, to kill my fears,  to help me to leave all my blues behind.  standing in your heart is where i want to be  and long to be,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.they say evrything can be replaced, yet every distance is not near. so i remember every face of every man who put me here. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  they say every man needs protection, they say every man must fall. yet i swear i see my reflection some place so high above this wall. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  standing next to me in this lonely crowd, is a man who swears he's not to blame. all day long i hear him shout so loud, crying out that he was framed. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on and it seems like i've got to travel on  papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny can't come home, johnny can't come home papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny's been out on the road too long so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way going home to stay, going home to stay that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way and i feel like i just want to travel on so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on oh yes i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming through the town i'll be homeward bound, i'll be homeward bound there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming on through the town and i feel like i just want to travel on well i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on yes it is done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i almost travel ondown along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.by bob dylan    well, if i had to do it all over again,  babe, i'd do it all over you.  and if i had to wait for ten thousand years,  babe, i'd even do that too.  well, a dog's got his bone in the alley,  a cat, she's got nine lives,  a millionaire's got a million dollars,  king saud's got four hundred wives.  well, ev'rybody's got somethin'  that they're lookin' forward to.  i'm lookin' forward to when i can do it all again  and babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, if i had my way tomorrow or today,  babe, i'd run circles all around.  i'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin,  i'd even dance a jig on the ground.  well, everybody gets their hour,  everybody gets their time,  little david when he picked up his pebbles,  even sampson after he went blind.  well, everybody gets the chance  to do what they want to do.  when my time arrives you better run for your life  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, i don't need no money, i just need a day that's sunny,  baby, and my days are gonna come.  and i grab me a pint, you know that i'm a giant  when you hear me yellin', "fee-fi-fo-fum."  well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle,  you made me to a walkin' wreck,  then you pushed my heart through my backbone,  then you knocked off my head from my neck.  well, if i'm ever standin' steady  a-doin' what i want to do,  well, i tell you little lover that you better run for cover  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    i'm just restin' at your gate so that i won't be late  and, momma, i'm a-just sittin' on the shelf.  look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there  just a-fumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself.  well, after my cigarette's been smoked up,  after all my liquor's been drunk,  after my dreams are dreamed out,  after all my thoughts have been thunk,  well, after i do some of these things,  i'm gonna do what i have to do.  and i tell you on the side, that you better run and hide  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.she came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood she cried both day and night i know it because it was there. it's a milestone, but she's down on her luck and she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book i would then.  i believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care i believe that she'd look upon beside him to care and i go by the lord and where she's on my way, but i don't belong there. no i don't belong to her, i don't belong to every choir she's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry she's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on when i'm there she's alright, but when she's not when i'm gone. heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one she's the way for sailing beautiful she's mine for the one and i lost her attention by tempation as it runs but she don't bother me but i'm not there i'm gone.  now i've cried tonight like i cried the night before and i'm leased on the high some but i dream about the door it's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale it don't hang approximation she smiled fare thee well.  now when i'll treat the way we all was born to love her but she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her and i run but i wait and it's not too fast or slam but i'll not perceive her i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's all about division and i cry for a bail i don't need anybody now beside me to tell and it's all affirmation i received but it's not she's a long haunting beauty but she's gone like the spark  and she's gone.  yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday but now she's home beside me and i'd like to hear to stay she's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone now i wish i was beside her but i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's too hard to stake in and i don't far believe it's a bag full it's amusing that she's hard too hard to lead. it's a load, it's a crime the way she mauled me around was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  yes i believe that it's rightful oh i believe it in my mind i been told like i said one night before carry on the grind. and this song gypsy told her like i said carry on i wish i was there to help her but i'm not there i'm gone.heart of mine be still you can play with fire but you'll get the bill don't let her know don't let her know that you love her don't be a fool, don't be blind heart of mine.  heart of mine go back home you got no reason to wander, no reason to roam  don't let her see don't let her see that you need her don't put yourself over the line heart of mine.  heart of mine go back where you have been it'll only be trouble for you if you let her in don't let her hear don't let her hear you want her don't let her hear know she's so fine heart of mine.  heart of mine you know that she'll never be true she'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you don't let her know don't let her know where you're going don't untie the ties that bind heart of mine.  hear of mine so malicious and so full of guile give you an inch and you'll take a mile don't let yourself fall don't let yourself stumble if you can't do the time, don't do the crime heart of mine.you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand you see somebody naked and you say, "who is that man?" you try so hard but you don't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you raise up your head and you ask, "is this where it is?" and somebody points to you and says, "it's his" and you say, "what's mine?" and somebody else says, "well, what is?" and you say, "oh my god, am i here all alone?" but something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says, "how does it feel to be such a freak?" and you say, "impossible!" as he hands you a bone and something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination but nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations  ah, you've been with the professors and they've all liked your looks with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks you've been through all of f. scott fitzgerald's books you're very well-read, it's well-known but something is happening here and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice, he asks you how it feels and he says, "here is your throat back, thanks for the loan" and you know something is happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now" and you say, "for what reason?" and he says, "how" and you say, "what does this mean?" and he screams back, "you're a cow! give me some milk or else go home" and you know something's happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, you walk into the room like a camel, and then you frown you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground there ought to be a law against you comin' around you should be made to wear earphones 'cause something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?"oh, help me in my weakness," i heard the drifter say, as they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away. "my trip hasn't been a pleasant one and my time it isn't long, and i still do not know what it was that i've done wrong."  well, the judge, he cast his robe aside, a tear came to his eye, "you fail to understand," he said, "why must you even try?" outside, the crowd was stirring, you could hear it from the door. inside, the judge was stepping down, while the jury cried for more.  "oh, stop that cursed jury," cried the attendant and the nurse, "the trial was bad enough, but this is ten times worse." just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape, and while ev'rybody knelt to pray the drifter did escape.i can hear the turning of the key i've been deceived by the clown inside of me. i thought that he was righteous but he's vain oh, something's a-telling me i wear the ball and chain.  my patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost he's always off somewhere when i need him most. the spanish moon is rising on the hill but my heart is a-tellin' me i love ya still.  i come back to the town from the flaming moon i see you in the streets, i begin to swoon. i love to see you dress before the mirror won't you let me in your room one time 'fore i finally disappear?  everybody's wearing a disguise to hide what they've got left behind their eyes. but me, i can't cover what i am wherever the children go i'll follow them.  i march in the parade of liberty but as long as i love you i'm not free. how long must i suffer such abuse won't you let me see you smile one time before i turn you loose?  i've given up the game, i've got to leave, the pot of gold is only make-believe. the treasure can't be found by men who search whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.  we sat in an empty theater and we kissed, i asked ya please to cross me off-a your list. my head tells me it's time to make a change but my heart is telling me i love ya but you're strange.  one more time at midnight, near the wall take off your heavy make-up and your shawl. won't you descend from the throne, from where you sit? let me feel your love one more time before i abandon it.well, i took me a woman late last night, i's three-fourths drunk, she looked uptight. she took off her wheel, took off her bell, took off her wig, said, "how do i smell?" i hot-footed it, bare-naked out the window!  well, sometimes i might get drunk, walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk. don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride 'cause i got my little lady right by my side. (right there proud as can be)  i's out there paintin' on the old woodshed when a can a black paint it fell on my head. i went down to scrub and rub but i had to sit in back of the tub. cost a quarter and i had to get out quick someone wanted to come in and take a sauna  well, my telephone rang it would not stop, it's president kennedy callin' me up. he said, "my friend, bob, what do we need to make the country grow?" i said, "my friend, john, brigitte bardot, anita ekberg,  sophia loren." put 'em all in the same room with ernest borgnine!  well, i got a woman sleeps on a cot, she yells and hollers and squeals a lot. licks my face and tickles my ear, bends me over and buys me beer. (she's a honeymooner a june crooner a spoon feeder and a natural leader)  oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy, i got a woman who works on the levee. pumping that water up to her neck, every week she sends me a monthly check. she's a humdinger folk singer dead ringer for a thing-a-muh jigger  late one day in the middle of the week, eyes were closed i was half asleep. i chased me a woman up the hill, right in the middle of an air raid drill. it was little bo peep! (i jumped a fallout shelter i jumped a bean stalk i jumped a ferris wheel)  now, the man on the stand he wants my vote, he's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note. he's out there preachin' in front of the steeple, tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people. (he's eatin' bagels he's eatin' pizza he's eatin' chitlins he's eatin' bullshit!)  oh, set me down on a television floor, i'll flip the channel to number four. out of the shower comes a grown-up man with a bottle of hair oil in his hand. (it's that greasy kid stuff. what i want to know, mr. football man, is what do you do about willy mays and yul brynner, charles de gaulle and robert louis stevenson?)  well, the funniest woman i ever seen was the great-granddaughter of mr. clean. she takes about fifteen baths a day, wants me to grow a cigar on my face. (she's a little bit heavy!)  well, ask me why i'm drunk alla time, it levels my head and eases my mind. i just walk along and stroll and sing, i see better days and i do better things. i catch dinosaurs i make love to elizabeth taylor catch hell from richard burton!)i woke up this mornin', there were tears in my bed. they killed a man i really loved shot him through the head. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sent him off to prison for a seventy-dollar robbery. closed the door behind him and they threw away the key. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  he wouldn't take shit from no one he wouldn't bow down or kneel. authorities, they hated him because he was just too real. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  prison guards, they cursed him as they watched him from above but they were frightened of his power they were scared of his love. lord, lord, so they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.  sometimes i think this whole world is one big prison yard. some of us are prisoners the rest of us are guards. lord, lord, they cut george jackson down. lord, lord, they laid him in the ground.i wish i was in the land of cotton old times there are not forgotten look away, look away, look away to dixie land  [chorus] in dixie land where i was born early on one frosty morn look away, look away, look away to dixie land  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie  [chorus]  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixiewell, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. yes, i'm walkin' down the highway with my suitcase in my hand. lord, i really miss my baby, she's in some far-off land.  well, your streets are gettin' empty, lord, your highway's gettin' filled. and your streets are gettin' empty and your highway's gettin' filled. well, the way i love that woman, i swear it's bound to get me killed.  well, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. yes, i been gamblin' so long, lord, i ain't got much more to lose. right now i'm havin' trouble, please don't take away my highway shoes.  well, i'm bound to get lucky, baby, or i'm bound to die tryin'. yes, i'm a-bound to get lucky, baby, lord, lord i'm a-bound to die tryin'. well, meet me in the middle of the ocean and we'll leave this ol' highway behind.  well, the ocean took my baby, my baby stole my heart from me. yes, the ocean took my baby, my baby took my heart from me. she packed it all up in a suitcase, lord, she took it away to italy, italy.  so, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my poor eyes can see. yes, i'm a-walkin' down your highway just as far as my eyes can see. from the golden gate bridge all the way to the statue of liberty.well, it's all of fair and handsome girl, she's all in her tender years. she fell in love with a sailor boy, it's true she loved him well. for to go off to sea with him like she did not know how, she longed to see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  so she bargained with the sailor boy, all for a piece of gold. straightaway then he led her down into the hold, sayin', "i'll dress you up in sailor's clothes, your jacket shall be blue. you'll see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  now, when the other sailors heard the news, well, they fell into a rage, and with all the ship's company they were willing to engage. saying, "we'll tie her hands and feet, my boys, overboard we'll throw her. she'll never see that seaport town called canadee-i-o.  now, when the captain he heard the news, well, he too fell in a rage, and with the whole ship's company he was willing to engage, sayin', "she'll stay in sailor's clothes, her color shall be blue, she'll see that seaport town call canadee-i-o.  now, when they come down to canada scarcely 'bout half a year, she's married this bold captain who called her his dear. she's dressed in silks and satins now, she cuts a gallant show, finest of the ladies down canadee-i-o.  come, all you fair and tender girls, wheresoever you may be, i'd have you to follow your own true love whene'er he goes to sea. for if the sailors prove false to you, well, the captain, he might prove true. you'll see the honor i have gained by the wearing of the blue.frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride. with a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.  well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door. gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh.  said, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said he, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said, "miss mouse, are you within?" "yes, kind sir, i sit and spin," uh-huh.  he took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee. said, "miss mousey, will you marry me?" uh-huh.  "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent. i wouldn't marry the president, uh-huh  uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,. to think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.  uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown. to buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh  where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh-huh  what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, uh-huh.  well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth. she laid out the table cloth, uh-huh.  next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug. she brought the water jug, uh-huh.  next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee. sat mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.  next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea. danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh-huh.  next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow. she tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh-huh.  next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick. she ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.  next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake. ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.  next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat. swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.  mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook. a lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.  a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf. if you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.mama, take this badge off of me i can't use it anymore. it's gettin' dark, too dark for me to see i feel like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door  mama, put my guns to the ground i can't shoot them anymore. the long black cloud is coming down it feels like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's doorby bob dylan    if you getcha one girl, better get two  case you run into gypsy lou  she's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind  always leavin' somebody behind.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i seen the whole country through  just to find gypsy lou  seen it up, seen it down  followin' gypsy lou around.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i gotta stop and take some rest  my poor feet are second best  my poor feet are wearin' thin  gypsy lou's gone again.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, seen her up in old cheyenne  turned my head and away she ran  from denver town to wichita  last i heard she's in arkansas.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i tell you what if you what if you want to do  tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes  if you want to wear out your shoes  try and follow gypsy lou.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, gypsy lou, i been told  livin' down on gallus road  gallus road, arlington  moved away to washington.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i went down to washington  then she went to oregon  i skipped the ground and hopped a train  she's back in gallus road again.  hey, i can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, the last i heard of gypsy lou  she's in a memphis calaboose  she left one too many a boy behind  he committed suicide.  hey, you can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone againthey pave paradise, they put up a parking lot a pink hotel, a boutique and a swinging hot spot don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  they took all the trees, they put them in a tree museum they charged the people a dollar and a half just to see them don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  hey farmer, farmer, put away the d.d.t give me spots on my apples but leave the birds and the bees, please don't it always go to show  you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  late last night i heard my screen door slam a big yellow bulldozer took away the house and land don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to spend the holiday away across the sea? how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to hang a stocking on a great big coconut tree?  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true on christmas island your dreams come trueoh well, i love you pretty baby you're the only love i've ever known just as long as you stay with me the whole world is my throne beyond here lies nothin' nothing we can call our own  well, i'm moving after midnight down boulevards of broken cars don't know what i do without it without this love that we call ours beyond here lies nothin' nothing but the moon and stars  down every street there's a window and every window made of glass we'll keep on loving pretty baby for as long as love will last beyond here lies nothin' but the mountains of the past  well my ship is in the harbor and the sails are spread listen to me, pretty baby lay your hand upon my head beyond here lies nothin' nothing done and nothing saidwell, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. no, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. but i still got my voice left, i can take it anywhere i go. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. no, i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. many times i've bended but i ain't never yet bowed. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  trouble, oh trouble, i've trouble on my mind trouble, oh trouble, trouble on my mind. but the trouble in the world, lord, is much more bigger than mine. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i never had no armies to jump at my command. no, i ain't got no armies to jump at my command. but i don't need no armies, i got me one good friend. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. but as long as the world keeps a-turnin', i just keep a-turnin' too. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  well, my road might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. my road it might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. but as some folks ain't got no road at all, they gotta stand in the same old place. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine."oh, help me in my weakness," i heard the drifter say, as they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away. "my trip hasn't been a pleasant one and my time it isn't long, and i still do not know what it was that i've done wrong."  well, the judge, he cast his robe aside, a tear came to his eye, "you fail to understand," he said, "why must you even try?" outside, the crowd was stirring, you could hear it from the door. inside, the judge was stepping down, while the jury cried for more.  "oh, stop that cursed jury," cried the attendant and the nurse, "the trial was bad enough, but this is ten times worse." just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape, and while ev'rybody knelt to pray the drifter did escape.you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand you see somebody naked and you say, "who is that man?" you try so hard but you don't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you raise up your head and you ask, "is this where it is?" and somebody points to you and says, "it's his" and you say, "what's mine?" and somebody else says, "well, what is?" and you say, "oh my god, am i here all alone?" but something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says, "how does it feel to be such a freak?" and you say, "impossible!" as he hands you a bone and something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination but nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations  ah, you've been with the professors and they've all liked your looks with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks you've been through all of f. scott fitzgerald's books you're very well-read, it's well-known but something is happening here and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice, he asks you how it feels and he says, "here is your throat back, thanks for the loan" and you know something is happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now" and you say, "for what reason?" and he says, "how" and you say, "what does this mean?" and he screams back, "you're a cow! give me some milk or else go home" and you know something's happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, you walk into the room like a camel, and then you frown you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground there ought to be a law against you comin' around you should be made to wear earphones 'cause something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears while we all sup sorrow with the poor. there's a song that will linger forever in our ears, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay. there are frail forms fainting at the door. though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say. oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er. though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.i can hear the turning of the key i've been deceived by the clown inside of me. i thought that he was righteous but he's vain oh, something's a-telling me i wear the ball and chain.  my patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost he's always off somewhere when i need him most. the spanish moon is rising on the hill but my heart is a-tellin' me i love ya still.  i come back to the town from the flaming moon i see you in the streets, i begin to swoon. i love to see you dress before the mirror won't you let me in your room one time 'fore i finally disappear?  everybody's wearing a disguise to hide what they've got left behind their eyes. but me, i can't cover what i am wherever the children go i'll follow them.  i march in the parade of liberty but as long as i love you i'm not free. how long must i suffer such abuse won't you let me see you smile one time before i turn you loose?  i've given up the game, i've got to leave, the pot of gold is only make-believe. the treasure can't be found by men who search whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.  we sat in an empty theater and we kissed, i asked ya please to cross me off-a your list. my head tells me it's time to make a change but my heart is telling me i love ya but you're strange.  one more time at midnight, near the wall take off your heavy make-up and your shawl. won't you descend from the throne, from where you sit? let me feel your love one more time before i abandon it.i've just reached a place where the willow don't bend. there's not much more to be said it's the top of the end. i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i'm closin' the book on the pages and the text and i don't really care what happens next. i'm just going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i been hangin' on threads, i been playin' it straight, now, i've just got to cut loose before it gets late. so i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  grandma said, "boy, go and follow your heart and you'll be fine at the end of the line. all that's gold isn't meant to shine. don't you and your one true love ever part."  i been walkin' the road, i been livin' on the edge, now, i've just got to go before i get to the ledge. so i'm going, i'm just going, i'm gone.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]just like old saxophone joe when he's hot ,the hogshead up on his toe oh me, oh my love that country pie.  listen to the fiddler play when he's playin' 'til the break of day   oh me, oh my love that country pie.  raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime what do i care? blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum call me for dinner, honey, i'll be there.  saddle me up on my big white goose tie me on 'er turn her loose oh me, oh my love that country pie.  i don't need much and that ain't no lie ain't runnin' any race  give to me my country pie i won't throw it up in anybody's face.  shake me up that old peach tree little jack horner's got nothin' on me oh me, oh my love that country pie.sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna leave my lonesome home and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hear my milk cow moan and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hit the highway road but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, lord, i had my overflowin' fill sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make out my final will sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna head for the walkin' hill but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna lay right down and die sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna climb up to the sky sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna laugh until i cry but then again, i said again, i said again, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna fly like a cannon ball but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna back up against the wall sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna run till i have to crawl sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna change my house around sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make a change in this here town sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna change the world around but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.there's guns across the river aimin' at ya lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya billy, they don't like you to be so free.  campin' out all night on the berenda dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda up to boot hill they'd like to send ya billy, don't you turn your back on me.  playin' around with some sweet senorita into her dark hallway she will lead ya in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya billy, you're so far away from home.  there's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places bullet holes and scars between the spaces there's always one more notch and ten more paces billy, and you're walkin' all alone.  they say that pat garrett's got your number so sleep with one eye open when you slumber every little sound just might be thunder thunder from the barrel of his gun.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley, maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.  there's always some new stranger sneakin' glances some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances and some old whore from san pedro to make advances advances on your spirit and your soul.  the businessmen from taos want you to go down they've hired pat garrett to force a showdown. billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down to be shot down by the man who was your friend?  hang on to your woman if you got one remember in el paso, once, you shot one. she may have been a whore, but she was a hot one billy, you been runnin' for so long.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.far between sundown's finish an' midnight's broken toll we ducked inside the doorway, thunder crashing as majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight an' for each an' ev'ry underdog soldier in the night an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  in the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched with faces hidden while the walls were tightening as the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain dissolved into the bells of the lightning tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an' forsakened tolling for the outcast, burnin' constantly at stake an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail the sky cracked its poems in naked wonder that the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder striking for the gentle, striking for the kind striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind an' the unpawned painter behind beyond his rightful time an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales for the disrobed faceless forms of no position tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts all down in taken-for-granted situations tolling for the deaf an' blind, tolling for the mute tolling for the mistreated, mateless mother, the mistitled prostitute for the misdemeanor outlaw, chased an' cheated by pursuit an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  even though a cloud's white curtain in a far-off corner flashed an' the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting tolling for the searching ones, on their speechless, seeking trail for the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale an' for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  starry-eyed an' laughing as i recall when we were caught trapped by no track of hours for they hanged suspended as we listened one last time an' we watched with one last look spellbound an' swallowed 'til the tolling ended tolling for the aching ones whose wounds cannot be nursed for the countless confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones an' worse an' for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.of war and peace the truth just twists its curfew gull just glides upon four-legged forest clouds the cowboy angel rides with his candle lit into the sun though its glow is waxed in black all except when 'neath the trees of eden  the lamppost stands with folded arms its iron claws attached to curbs 'neath holes where babies wail though it shadows metal badge all and all can only fall with a crashing but meaningless blow no sound ever comes from the gates of eden  the savage soldier sticks his head in sand and then complains unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf but still remains upon the beach where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails heading for the gates of eden  with a time-rusted compass blade aladdin and his lamp sits with utopian hermit monks side saddle on the golden calf and on their promises of paradise you will not hear a laugh all except inside the gates of eden  relationships of ownership they whisper in the wings to those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings and i try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings there are no kings inside the gates of eden  the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and her silver-studded phantom cause the gray flannel dwarf to scream as he weeps to wicked birds of prey who pick up on his bread crumb sins and there are no sins inside the gates of eden  the kingdoms of experience in the precious wind they rot while paupers change possessions each one wishing for what the other has got and the princess and the prince discuss what's real and what is not it doesn't matter inside the gates of eden  the foreign sun, it squints upon a bed that is never mine as friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign leaving men wholly, totally free to do anything they wish to do but die and there are no trials inside the gates of eden  at dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams with no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means at times i think there are no words but these to tell what's true and there are no truths outside the gates of edenin the lonely night in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light you're comin' through to me in black and white when we were made of dreams.  you're blowing down the shaky street, you're hearing my heart beat in the record breaking heat where we were born in time.  not one more night, not one more kiss, not this time baby, no more of this, takes too much skill, takes too much will, it's revealing. you came, you saw, just like the law you married young, just like your ma, you tried and tried, you made me slide you left me reelin' with this feelin'.  on the rising curve where the ways of nature will test every nerve, you won't get anything you don't deserve where we were born in time.  bridge #2: you pressed me once, you pressed me twice, you hang the flame, you'll pay the price, oh babe, that fire is still smokin'. you were snow, you were rain you were striped, you were plain, oh babe, truer words have not been spoken or broken.  in the hills of mystery, in the foggy web of destiny, you can have what's left of me, where we were born in time.i was young when i left home, and i been out a'ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord, to my home, and i never wrote a letter to my home.  it was just the other day i was drinkin' on my pay when i met an old friend i used to know. he said your mother's dead and gone, your baby sister's all gone wrong, and your daddy needs you home right away.  not a shirt on my back, not a penny on my name. well i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, i can't go home this a'way.  if you miss the train i'm on, count the days i'm gone, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles. a hundred miles, a hundred, baby, lord lord lord, and you'll hear that whistle blow a hundred miles.  when i's playin' on the track, maw would come and whip me back, on them tressles down by ol' jim mckay's.  when i pay the debt i owe to the commissary store, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home. oh home, lord lord lord, i will pawn my watch and chain and go home.  i used to tell my maw sometimes, when i see them ridin' blinds, gonna make me a home out in the wind. in the wind, lord, in the wind, make me a home out in the wind.  i don't like it in the wind, i want to go back home again, but i can't go home this a'way. this a'way, lord lord lord, and i can't go home this a'way.  i was young when i left home, and i been all a' ramblin' 'round, and i never wrote a letter to my home. to my home, lord lord lord, and i never wrote a letter to my home.said the night wind to the little lamb do you see what i see? way up in the sky, little lamb do you see what i see? a star, a star, dancing in the night with a tail as big as a kite with a tail as big as a kite  said the little lamb to the shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? ringing through the sky, shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? a song, a song high above the trees with a voice as big as the sea with a voice as big as the sea  said the shepherd boy to the mighty king do you know what i know? in your palace warm, mighty king do you know what i know? a child, a child shivers in the cold let us bring him silver and gold let us bring him silver and gold  said the king to the people everywhere listen to what i say! pray for peace, people, everywhere listen to what i say! the child, the child sleeping in the night he will bring us goodness and light he will bring us goodness and lightin the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand and an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand i'm a long way from home and i miss my loved one so in the early morning rain with nowhere to go.  cut on runway number nine, big 707 set to go i'm stuck here on the ground, where the cold winds blow the liquor tasted good and the women all were fast there she goes, my friend, she's rolling down at last.  hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high she's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines she'll be flying over my home in about three hours time.  this old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me because i'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunks as i might be you can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train so i'd best be on my way in the early morning rain.i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the love light gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreams  i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the lovelight gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreamsby bob dylan and george harrison    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me say it, let me play it,  let me lay it on you.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me grow it on you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.frankie was a good girl everybody knows paid one hundred dollars for albert's new suit of clothes he was her man but he done her wrong.  albert said "i'm leaving you" won't be gone for long don't wait up for me a-worry about me when i'm gone he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to the corner saloon get a bucket of beer said to the bartender "has my lovin' man been her ?" he was her man but he done her wrong.  "well, i ain't gonna tell you no stories i ain't gonna tell you no lies i saw albert an hour ago with a gal named alice bly" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went down to 12th street lookin' up through the window high she saw her albert there lovin' up alice bly he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie pulled out a pistol pulled out a forty-four gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot and albert fell on the floor he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie got down upon her knees took albert into her lap started to hug and kiss him but there was no bringin' him back he was her man but he done her wrong.  "gimme a thousand policemen throw me into a cell i shot my albert dead and now i'm goin' to hell" he was my man but he done me wrong.  judge said to the jury "plain as a thing can be a woman shot her lover down murder in the second degree" he was her man but he done her wrong.  frankie went to the scaffold calm as a girl could be turned her eyes up toward the heavens said "nearer, my god, to thee" he was her man but he done her wrong.he sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.pistol shots ring out in the barroom night enter patty valentine from the upper hall. she sees the bartender in a pool of blood,  cries out, "my god, they killed them all!" here comes the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  three bodies lyin' there does patty see and another man named bello, movin' around mysteriously. "i didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands "i was only robbin' the register, i hope you understand. i saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops "one of us had better call up the cops." and so patty calls the cops and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin' in the hot new jersey night.  meanwhile, far away in another part of town rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around. number one contender for the middleweight crown had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road just like the time before and the time before that. in paterson that's just the way things go. if you're black you might as well not show up on the street 'less you want to draw the heat.  alfred bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops. him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin' around he said, "i saw two men runnin' out, they looked like middleweights they jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates." and miss patty valentine just nodded her head. cop said, "wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead" so they took him to the infirmary and though this man could hardly see they told him that he could identify the guilty men.  four in the mornin' and they haul rubin in,  take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs. the wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye says, "wha'd you bring him in here for? he ain't the guy!" yes, here's the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  four months later, the ghettos are in flame,  rubin's in south america, fightin' for his name while arthur dexter bradley's still in the robbery game and the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.  "remember that murder that happened in a bar?" "remember you said you saw the getaway car?" "you think you'd like to play ball with the law?" "think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?" "don't forget that you are white."  arthur dexter bradley said, "i'm really not sure." cops said, "a poor boy like you could use a break we got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend bello now you don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow. you'll be doin' society a favor. that sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver. we want to put his ass in stir we want to pin this triple murder on him he ain't no gentleman jim."  rubin could take a man out with just one punch but he never did like to talk about it all that much. it's my work, he'd say, and i do it for pay and when it's over i'd just as soon go on my way up to some paradise where the trout streams flow and the air is nice and ride a horse along a trail. but then they took him to the jailhouse where they trialed a man into a mouse.  all of rubin's cards were marked in advance the trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance. the judge made rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums to the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum and to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger. no one doubted that he pulled the trigger.  and though they could not produce the gun,  the d.a. said he was the one who did the deed and the all-white jury agreed.  rubin carter was falsely tried. the crime was murder "one," guess who testified? bello and bradley and they both baldly lied and the newspapers, they all went along for the ride. how can the life of such a man be in the palm of some fool's hand? to see him obviously framed couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land where justice is a game.  now all the criminals in their coats and their ties are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise while rubin sits like buddha in a ten-foot cell an innocent man in a living hell. that's the story of the hurricane,  but it won't be over till they clear his name and give him back the time he's done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.by bob dylan    if you getcha one girl, better get two  case you run into gypsy lou  she's a ramblin' woman with a ramblin' mind  always leavin' somebody behind.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i seen the whole country through  just to find gypsy lou  seen it up, seen it down  followin' gypsy lou around.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again.    well, i gotta stop and take some rest  my poor feet are second best  my poor feet are wearin' thin  gypsy lou's gone again.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, seen her up in old cheyenne  turned my head and away she ran  from denver town to wichita  last i heard she's in arkansas.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i tell you what if you what if you want to do  tell you what, you'll wear out your shoes  if you want to wear out your shoes  try and follow gypsy lou.  hey, gone again  gypsy lou's 'round the bend  gypsy lou's 'round the bend.    well, gypsy lou, i been told  livin' down on gallus road  gallus road, arlington  moved away to washington.  hey, 'round the bend  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, i went down to washington  then she went to oregon  i skipped the ground and hopped a train  she's back in gallus road again.  hey, i can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone again    well, the last i heard of gypsy lou  she's in a memphis calaboose  she left one too many a boy behind  he committed suicide.  hey, you can't win  gypsy lou's gone again  gypsy lou's gone againshe was the rose of sharon from paradise lost from the city of seven hills near the place of the cross. i was playing a show in miami in the theater of divine comedy. told about jesus, told about the rain, she told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain by a man who danced on the roof of the embassy.  was she a child or a woman, i can't say which from one to another she could to easily switch we went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach. could i been used and played as a pawn? it certainly was possible as the gay night wore on where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  she looked into my soul through the clothes that i wore she said, "we got a mutual friend over by the door, and you know he's got our best interest in mind." he was well connected but her heart was a snare and she had left him to die in there, there were payments due and he was a little behind.  the cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head, ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed, street band playing "nearer my god to thee." we met at the steeple where the mission bells ring, she said, "i know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing you can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.  atlantic city by the cold grey sea i hear a voice crying, "daddy," i always think it's for me, but it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call. every new messenger brings evil report 'bout armies on the march and time that is short and famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.  would i have married her? i don't know, i suppose. she had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes but i kept hearing my name and i had to be movin' on. i saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin, i saw a house in the country being torn from within. i heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.  and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico fanning the flames in the furnace of desire and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.now there's a man you'll hear about most anywhere you go, and his holdings are in texas and his name is diamond joe.  and he carries all his money in a diamond-studded jar. he never took much trouble with the process of the law.  i hired out to diamond joe, boys, did offer him my hand, he gave a string of horses so old they could not stand.  and i nearly starved to death, boys, he did mistreat me so, and i never saved a dollar in the pay of diamond joe.  now his bread it was corn dodger and his meat you couldn't chaw, nearly drove me crazy with the wagging of his jaw.  and the telling of his story, mean to let you know that there never was a rounder that could lie like diamond joe.  now, i tried three times to quit him, but he did argue so i'm still punching cattle in the pay of diamond joe.  and when i'm called up yonder and it's my time to go, give my blankets to my buddies give the fleas to diamond joe.i was in your presence for an hour or so or was it a day? i truly don't know where the sun never set, where the trees hung low by that soft and shining sea did you respect me for what i did or what i didn't do, or keeping it hid? did i lose my mind when i tried to get rid  of everything you see?  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  i got the heart and you got the blood we cut through iron and we cut through mud then came the warning that was before the flood that set everybody free fools they made a mock of sin our loyalty they tried to win but you were closer to me than my next of kin  when they didn't want to know or see.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.  strangers, they meddled in our affairs poverty and shame were theirs but all that suffering was not to be compared with the glory that is to be and i'm still carrying the gift you gave it's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved it'll go with me unto the grave and into eternity.  in the summertime, ah in the summertime in the summertime, when you were with me.hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"  hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"oh, the gentlemen are talking and the midnight moon is on the riverside they're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide i live in another world where life and death are memorized where the earth is strung with lover's pearls and all i see are dark eyes.  a cock is crowing far away and another soldier's deep in prayer some mother's child has gone astray, she can't find him anywhere but i hear another rum beating for the dead that rise whom nature's beast fear as they come and all i see are dark eyes.  they tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes they tell me revenge is sweet, i'm sure it is but i feel nothing for their game, where beauty goes unrecognized all i feel is heat and flame, and all i see are dark eyes.  oh, the french girl, she's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel hunger pays a heavy prize to the falling god of speed and steel oh, time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies a million faces at my feet but all i see are dark eyes.i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the love light gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreams  i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the lovelight gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreamslet us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears while we all sup sorrow with the poor. there's a song that will linger forever in our ears, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay. there are frail forms fainting at the door. though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say. oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er. though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.if you see her, say hello, she might be in tangier she left here last early spring, is livin' there, i hear say for me that i'm all right though things get kind of slow she might think that i've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.  we had a falling-out, like lovers often will and to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill and though our separation, it pierced me to the heart she still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.  if you get close to her, kiss her once for me i always have respected her for busting out and gettin' free oh, whatever makes her happy, i won't stand in the way though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay.  i see a lot of people as i make the rounds and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town and i've never gotten used to it, i've just learned to turn it off either i'm too sensitive or else i'm gettin' soft.  sundown, yellow moon, i replay the past i know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast if she's passin' back this way, i'm not that hard to find tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.well, i had to go down and see a guy named mr. goldsmith a nasty, dirty, double-crossin', back-stabbin' phony i didn't want to have to be dealin' with but i did it for you and all you gave me was a smile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i don't carry dead weight - i'm no flash in the pan all right, i'll set you straight, can't you see i'm a union man? i'm lettin' the cat out of the cage, i'm keeping a low profile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  feel like a fighting rooster - feel better than i ever felt but the pennsylvania line's in an awful mess and the denver road is about to melt i went to the church house, every day i go an extra mile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  last night 'cross the alley there was a pounding on the walls it must have been don pasquale makin' a two a.m. booty call to break a trusting heart like mine was just your style well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i'm on the fringes of the night, fighting back tears that i can't control some people they ain't human, they got no heart or soul well, i'm crying to the lord - i'm tryin' to be meek and mild yes, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, there's preachers in the pulpits and babies in the cribs i'm longin' for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs i'm gonna buy me a barrel of whiskey - i'll die before i turn senile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, you bet on a horse and it ran on the wrong way i always said you'd be sorry and today could be the day i might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial well, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhilesad i'm sittin' on the railroad track, watchin' that old smokestack. train is a-leavin' but it won't be back.  years ago we hang around, watchin' trains roll through the town. now that train is a-graveyard bound.  where we go up in that north country, lakes and streams and mines so free, i had no better friend than he.  something happened to him that day, i thought i heard a stranger say, i hung my head and stole away.  a diesel truck was headin' down, pullin' down a heavy load. it left him on a utah road.  they carried him back to his home town, his mother cried, his sister moaned, listenin' to them church bells tone.  a diesel truck was rollin' slow, pullin' down a heavy load. and it left him on a utah road.i'm going down to rose marie's she never does me wrong. she puts it to me plain as day and gives it to me for a song.  it's a wicked life but what the hell the stars ain't falling down. i'm standing outside the taj mahal i don't see no one around.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see fat gut goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, whenever i get up and i ain't got what i see i just make it down to rose marie's 'bout a quarter after three.  there are worse ways of getting there and i ain't complainin' none. if the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop i'm bound to meet the sun.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.  now, if someone offers me a joke i just say no thanks. i try to tell it like it is and keep away from pranks.  well, sometime you know when the well breaks down i just go pump on it some. rose marie, she likes to go to big places and just set there waitin' for me to come.  goin' to acapulco goin' on the run. goin' down to see some girl goin' to have some fun. yeah goin' to have some fun.i'm old tom moore from the bummer's shore in that good old golden days they call me a bummer and a gin shot too, but what cares i for praise ? i wander around from town to town just like a roving sign and all the people say, "there goes tom moore, in the days of '49" in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  my comrades they all loved me well, a jolly saucy crew a few hard cases i will recall though they all were brave and true whatever the pitch they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine like good old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was new york jake, the butcher boy, he was always getting tight and every time that he'd get full he was spoiling for a fight but jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old bob stein and over jake they held a wake in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was poker bill, one of the boys who was always in a game whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same he would ante up and draw his cards and he would you go a hatful blind in the game with death bill lost his breath, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was ragshag bill from buffalo, i never will forget he would roar all day and he'd roar all night and i guess he's roaring yet one day he fell in a prospect hole, in a roaring bad design and in that hole he roared out his soul, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  of the comrades all that i've had, there's none that's left to boast and i'm left alone in my misery like some poor wandering ghost and i pass by from town to town, they call me a rambling sign "there goes tom moore, a bummer shore in the days of '49 " in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna leave my lonesome home and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hear my milk cow moan and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hit the highway road but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, lord, i had my overflowin' fill sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make out my final will sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna head for the walkin' hill but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna lay right down and die sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna climb up to the sky sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna laugh until i cry but then again, i said again, i said again, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna fly like a cannon ball but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna back up against the wall sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna run till i have to crawl sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.  sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna change my house around sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make a change in this here town sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna change the world around but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.early one morning the sun was shining i was laying in bed wond'ring if she'd changed it all if her hair was still red her folks they said our lives together sure was gonna be rough they never did like mama's homemade dress papa's bankbook wasn't big enough and i was standing on the side of the road rain falling on my shoes heading out for the east coast lord knows i've paid some dues getting through tangled up in blue.  she was married when we first meet soon to be divorced i helped her out of a jam i guess but i used a little too much force we drove that car as far as we could abandoned it out west split it up on a dark sad night both agreeing it was best she turned around to look at me as i was walking away i heard her say over my shoulder "we'll meet again someday on the avenue" tangled up in blue.  i had a job in the great north woods working as a cook for a spell but i never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell so i drifted down to new orleans where i happened to be employed working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of delacroix but all the while i was alone  the past was close behind i seen a lot of women but she never escaped my mind my love just grew tangled up in blue.  she was working in a topless place and i stopped in for a beer i just kept looking at her side of her face in the spotlight so clear and later on as the crowd thinned out i's just about to do the same she was standing there in back of my chair saying "jimmy, don't i know your name ?" i muttered something underneath my breath she studied the lines on my face i must admit i felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe tangled up in blue.  she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe "i thought you'd never say hello" she said "you look like the silent type" then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me written by an italian poet from the thirteenth century and every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul from me to you tangled up in blue  i lived with them on montague street in a basement down the stairs there was music in the caf,s at night and revolution in the air then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died she had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside and when finally the bottom fell out  i became withdrawn the only thing i knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew tangled up in blue.  so now i'm going back again i got to get her somehow all the people we used to know they're an illusion to me now some are mathematicians some are carpenter's wives don't know how it all got started i don't what they're doing with their lives but me i'm still on the road heading for another joint we always did feel the same we just saw it from a different point of view tangled up in blue.one by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.wise men say only fools rush in but i can't help falling in love with you. shall i stay, will it be a sin if i can't help falling in love with you?  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.how many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man ? how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand ? yes, how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many years can a mountain exist before it's washed to the sea ? yes, how many years can some people exist before they're allowed to be free ? yes, how many times can a man turn his head pretending he just doesn't see ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many times must a man look up before he can see the sky ? yes, how many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry ? yes, how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.seen the arrow on the doorpost saying, "this land is condemned all the way from new orleans to jerusalem." i traveled through east texas where many martyrs fell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, i heard the hoot owl singing as they were taking down the tents the stars above the barren trees were his only audience them charcoal gypsy maidens can strut their feathers well but nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  see them big plantations burning hear the cracking of the whips smell that sweet magnolia blooming (and) see the ghosts of slavery ships i can hear them tribes a-moaning (i can) hear the undertaker's bell (yeah), nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  there's a woman by the river with some fine young handsome man he's dressed up like a squire bootlegged whiskey in his hand there's a chain gang on the highway i can hear them rebels yell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, god is in heaven and we all want what's his but power and greed and corruptible seed seem to be all that there is i'm gazing out the window of the st. james hotel and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctellhazel, dirty-blonde hair i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere. you got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.  hazel, stardust in your eye you're goin' somewhere and so am i. i'd give you the sky high above ooh, for a little touch of your love.  oh no, i don't need any reminder to know how much i really care but it's just making me blinder and blinder because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.  hazel, you called and i came, now don't make me play this waiting game. you've got something i want plenty of ooh, a little touch of your love.the eastern world it is explodin' violence flarin', bullets loadin' you're old enough to kill but not for votin' you don't believe in war, what's that gun you're totin' and even the jordan river has bodies floatin'  but you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  don't you understand, what i'm trying to say? can't you feel the fears that i'm feeling today? if the button is pushed, there's no running away there'll be no one to save with the world in a grave take a look around you, boy, it's bound to scare you, boy  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulatin' i'm sittin' here, just contemplatin' i can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation handful of senators don't pass legislation and marches alone can't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin' this whole crazy world is just too frustratin'  and you tell me over and over and over again my friend ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction  think of all the hate there is in red china then take a look around to selma, alabama ah, you may leave here, for four days in space but when your return, it's the same old place the poundin' of the drums, the pride and disgrace you can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace hate your next-door-neighbor, but don't forget to say grace  and you tell me over and over and over and over again my friend you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction you don't believe we're on the eve of destructionhe sits in your room, his tomb with a fist full of tacks preoccupied with his vengeance cursin' the dead that can't answer him back you know he has no intentions of looking your way, unless it's to say that he needs you to test his inventions.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so truthful, is this how he feels trying to peel the moon and expose it with his business-like anger and bloodhounds that kneel if he needs a third eye he just grows it he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk or pick it up after he throws it.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.  he looks so righteous while your face is so changed are you frightened of the box you keep him in while his genocide fools and friends rearrange their religion of the little ten women that backs up their views but your face is so bruised come on out the dark is beginning.  please crawl out your window use your arms and legs it won't ruin you how can you say he will haunt you you can go back to him any time you want to.oh, the gentlemen are talking and the midnight moon is on the riverside they're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide i live in another world where life and death are memorized where the earth is strung with lover's pearls and all i see are dark eyes.  a cock is crowing far away and another soldier's deep in prayer some mother's child has gone astray, she can't find him anywhere but i hear another rum beating for the dead that rise whom nature's beast fear as they come and all i see are dark eyes.  they tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes they tell me revenge is sweet, i'm sure it is but i feel nothing for their game, where beauty goes unrecognized all i feel is heat and flame, and all i see are dark eyes.  oh, the french girl, she's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel hunger pays a heavy prize to the falling god of speed and steel oh, time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies a million faces at my feet but all i see are dark eyes.in the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandlet us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears while we all sup sorrow with the poor. there's a song that will linger forever in our ears, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay. there are frail forms fainting at the door. though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say. oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er. though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.well i'm lookin' the world over looking far off into the east and i see my baby comin' she's walking with the village beast i feel a change comin' on and the last part of the day's already gone  we got so much in common we strive for the same old ends and i just can't wait wait for us to become friends i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well life is for love and they say that love is blind if you wanna live easy baby, pack your clothes with mine i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well now what's the use in dreaming you got better things to do dreams never did work for me anyway even when they did come true  you are as porous as ever baby you can start a fire i must be losing my mind you're the object of my desire i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  i'm listening to billy joe shaver and i'm reading james joyce some people they tell me i got the blood of the land in my voice  everybody got all the money everybody got all the beautiful clothes everybody got all the flowers i don't have one single rose i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gonei once held her in my arms, she said she would always stay. but i was cruel, i treated her like a fool, i threw it all away.  once i had mountains in the palm of my hand, and rivers that ran through ev'ry day. i must have been mad, i never knew what i had, until i threw it all away.  love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round, love and only love, it can't be denied. no matter what you think about it you just won't be able to do without it. take a tip from one who's tried.  so if you find someone that gives you all of her love, take it to your heart, don't let it stray, for one thing that's certain, you will surely be a-hurtin', if you throw it all away.let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears while we all sup sorrow with the poor. there's a song that will linger forever in our ears, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay. there are frail forms fainting at the door. though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say. oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er. though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day, oh, hard times, come again no more. 'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.  'tis the song, the sigh of the weary. hard times, hard times, come again no more. many days you have lingered all around my cabin door. oh, hard times, come again no more.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press whoever it is i wish they'd cut it out but when they will i can only guess. they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy, she inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me. i can't help it if i'm lucky.  people see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts. even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at, i couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that sweet lady.  idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth, blowing down the back roads headin' south. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike i haven't known peace and quiet for so long i can't remember what it's like. there's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door, you didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the wars after losin' every battle.  i woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see stars. you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies. one day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes, blood on your saddle.  idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb, blowing through the curtains in your room. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart you tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart. now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped, what's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top you're on the bottom.  i noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind i can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine. the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building  burned. i waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the springtime  turned slowly into autumn.  idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull, from the grand coulee dam to the capitol. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i can't feel you anymore, i can't even touch the books you've read every time i crawl past your door, i been wishin' i was somebody else instead. down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy, i followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory and all your ragin' glory.  i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i'm finally free, i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me. you'll never know the hurt i suffered nor the pain i rise above, and i'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love, and it makes me feel so sorry.  idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats, blowing through the letters that we wrote. idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves, we're idiots, babe. it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.the light in this place is really bad like being in the bottom of a stream any minute now i'm expecting to wake up from a dream miss so much the softest touch like the grave of some child child who neither wept nor smiled i'm hiding my faith in the rain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  somewhere dawn is breaking light is streaking across the floor church bells are ringing i wonder who they're ringing for travel under any star you'll see me wherever you are  the shadowy past is so vague and so vast i'm sleeping in the balance of pain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  maybe they'll get me maybe they won't but whatever it won't be tonight i wish your hand was in mine right now we could go where the moon is wide  for years they had me locked in a cage then they threw me onto the stage somethings just last longer then you thought they would and they never ever explain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  well i eat when i'm hungry drink when i'm dry live my life on the square even if the flesh falls off my face it won't matter as long as you're there  feel like a ghost in love underneath the heavens above feel further away then i ever did before feel further than i can take dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  everything in the way is so shy like the day in queer and unusual form spirals of golden haze here in there in a blaze like beams of light in a star  maybe you're here or maybe you weren't maybe you touched somebody and got burned the silent sun has got me on the run burning a hole in my brain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insanethere's guns across the river aimin' at ya lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya billy, they don't like you to be so free.  campin' out all night on the berenda dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda up to boot hill they'd like to send ya billy, don't you turn your back on me.  playin' around with some sweet senorita into her dark hallway she will lead ya in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya billy, you're so far away from home.  there's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places bullet holes and scars between the spaces there's always one more notch and ten more paces billy, and you're walkin' all alone.  they say that pat garrett's got your number so sleep with one eye open when you slumber every little sound just might be thunder thunder from the barrel of his gun.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley, maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.  there's always some new stranger sneakin' glances some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances and some old whore from san pedro to make advances advances on your spirit and your soul.  the businessmen from taos want you to go down they've hired pat garrett to force a showdown. billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down to be shot down by the man who was your friend?  hang on to your woman if you got one remember in el paso, once, you shot one. she may have been a whore, but she was a hot one billy, you been runnin' for so long.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.the jingle bells are jingling the streets are white with snow the happy crowds are mingling but there's no one that i know  i'm sure that you'll forgive me if i don't enthuse i guess i've got the christmas blues  i've done my window shopping there's not a store i've missed but what's the use of stopping when there's no one on your list  you'll know the way i'm feeling when you love and you lose i guess i've got the christmas blues  when somebody wants you somebody needs you christmas is a joy of joys but friends when you're lonely you'll find that it's only a thing for little girls and little boys  may all your days be merry your seasons full of cheer but 'til it's january i'll just go and disappear oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes  but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas blues  oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas bluesit ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe it don't matter, anyhow an' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe if you don't know by now when your rooster crows at the break of dawn look out your window and i'll be gone you're the reason i'm trav'lin' on don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe that light i never knowed an' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe i'm on the dark side of the road still i wish there was somethin' you would do or say to try and make me change my mind and stay we never did too much talkin' anyway so don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal like you never did before it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal i can't hear you any more i'm a-thinkin' and a-wond'rin' all the way down the road i once loved a woman, a child i'm told i give her my heart but she wanted my soul but don't think twice, it's all right  i'm walkin' down that long, lonesome road, babe where i'm bound, i can't tell but goodbye's too good a word, gal so i'll just say fare thee well i ain't sayin' you treated me unkind you could have done better but i don't mind you just kinda wasted my precious time but don't think twice, it's all rightdelia was a gambling girl, gambled all around, delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out west, when she returned, little delia gone to rest. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's daddy weeped, delia's momma moaned, wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home. all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' looking high, curtis' looking low, he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty-four. all the friends i ever had are gone.  high up on the housetops, high as i can see, looking for them rounders, looking out for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  men in atlanta, tryin' to pass for white, delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight. all the friends i ever had are gone.  judge says to curtis, "what's this noise about?" "all about them rounders, judge, tryin' to cut me out." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis said to the judge, "what might be my fine?" judge says, "poor boy, you got ninety-nine." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup, delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you loved all them rounders, never did love me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you wanted all them rounders, never had time for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.when you're sad and lonely and you haven't got a friend just remember that death is not the end and all that you hell sacred falls down and dows not bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when you're standing at the cross-roads  that you cannot comprehend just remember that death is not the end and all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  when storm clouds gather round you and heavy rains descend just remember that death is not the end and there's nowhere there to comfort you with a helping hand to lend just remember that death is not the end.  not the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.  oh the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies and the bright light of salvation shines in dark and empty skies  when the cities are on fire when the burning flesh of men just remember that death is nt the end and you search in vain to find  just one law abiding citizen just remember that death is not the end.  not  the end, not the end just remember that death is not the end.sixteen years, sixteen banners united over the field where the good shepherd grieves. desperate men, desperate women divided, spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.  fortune calls. i stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace, merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down. she's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born, on midsummer's eve, near the tower.  the cold-blooded moon. the captain waits above the celebration sending his thoughts to a beloved maid whose ebony face is beyond communication. the captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.  they shaved her head. she was torn between jupiter and apollo. a messenger arrived with a black nightingale. i seen her on the stairs and i couldn't help but follow, follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.  i stumbled to my feet. i rode past destruction in the ditches with the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo. renegade priests and treacherous young witches were handing out the flowers that i'd given to you.  the palace of mirrors where dog soldiers are reflected, the endless road and the wailing of chimes, the empty rooms where her memory is protected, where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.  she wakes him up forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks. she's begging to know what measures he now will be taking. he's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.  gentlemen, he said, i don't need your organization, i've shined your shoes, i've moved your mountains and marked your cards but eden is burning, either brace yourself for elimination or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.  peace will come with tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire but will bring us no reward when her false idols fall and cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating between the king and the queen of swords.bessie was more than just a friend of mine we shared the good times with the bad now many a year has passed me by i still recall the best thing i ever had  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now all the crazy things i had to try well i tried them all and then some but if you're lucky one day you find out where it is you're really comin' from  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now in my day i've made some foolish moves but back then, i didn't worry 'bout a thing and now again i still wonder to myself was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  there's so much time has gone right on by i didn't think one could be so wrong and then one night i was drinkin' and a-thinkin' in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie's face so strong  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  when she sees me will she know what i've been through? will old times start to feelin' like new? when i get there will our love still feel so true? yet all i have, i'll be a-bringin' it to you oh bessie, sing them old-time bluesi was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land i yelled down to captain arab, i'll have ya understand, who came running to the deck and said "boys! forget the whale - we're goin' over yonder. cut the engines. change the sails." "haul on that bowline!" we sang that melody, like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.  "i think i'll call it america." i said as we hit land. i took a deep breath. i fell down, i could not stand. captain arab he starting writing out some deeds and said "let's build us a fort and start buying the place with beads.? just then a cop come down the street crazy as a loon and throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons.  aw, me, i busted out - don't even ask me how, i went lookin' for some help, i walked past a guernsey cow who directed me down to the bowery slums where people carried signs around sayin' "ban the bums!". i jumped right in line, sayin' "i hope that i'm not late" when i realized i hadn't eaten for five days straight.  i went into a restaurant lookin' for the cook - i told him i was the editor of a famous etiquette book. the waiter he was handsome and he wore a powder blue cape. i ordered up some suzette, i said "could you please make that crepe?" just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat - food was flyin' everywhere - i left without my hat.  i didn't mean to be nosy so i went into a bank to try to get some bail for the boys back in the tank. they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants. they threw me in the alley, when up comes this girl from france who invited me to her place. i went, but she had a friend who knocked me out an' robbed my boots an' was i on the street again.  i went up to a big house with a u.s. flag upon display. i said "can you please help me out, i got some friends down the way." the man said "get out of here or i'll tear you limb from limb." i said "you know, they refused jesus, too." he said "you're not him. get out of here before i break your bones. i'm not your pop." i decided to have him arrested and went looking for a cop.  i ran back outside and got into a cab i ran out the other door - this english man said "fab!" as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood. i ran right through the door like a hobo sailor does, but it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who i was i repeated that all my friends were in jail, with a sigh. he gave me his card and said "call me if they die." i shook his hand and said goodbye and went back out on the street, when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet. a pay phone was ringin' - and it just about blew my mind - when i picked it up an' said "hello", this foot came through the line!  well about this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at gettin' any help for my friends and captain arab. i needed a coin to flip, like either heads or tails, would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail. so i hocked my sailor's suit an' i got a coin to flip. it came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so i made it back to the ship.  well i got back and took the parking ticket off the mast. i was ripping it to shreds when this coast guard boat went past. they asked me my name and i said "captain kidd". they believed me but they wanted to know exactly what i did. i said "for the pope of eyruke i was employed" they let me go right away, they were very paranoid.  well the last i heard of arab he was stuck on the side of a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail, but the funniest thing was - as i was leavin' the bay - i saw three ships sailing and they were all headed my way. so i asked the captain what his name was an' how come he didn't drive a truck?? he said his name was columbus an' i just said "good luck..."well, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. no, i ain't got my childhood or friends i once did know. but i still got my voice left, i can take it anywhere i go. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. no, i've never had much money but i'm still around somehow. many times i've bended but i ain't never yet bowed. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  trouble, oh trouble, i've trouble on my mind trouble, oh trouble, trouble on my mind. but the trouble in the world, lord, is much more bigger than mine. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  and i never had no armies to jump at my command. no, i ain't got no armies to jump at my command. but i don't need no armies, i got me one good friend. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. i been kicked and whipped and trampled on, i been shot at just like you. but as long as the world keeps a-turnin', i just keep a-turnin' too. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.  well, my road might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. my road it might be rocky, the stones might cut my face. but as some folks ain't got no road at all, they gotta stand in the same old place. hey, hey, so i guess i'm doin' fine.well, i took me a woman late last night, i's three-fourths drunk, she looked uptight. she took off her wheel, took off her bell, took off her wig, said, "how do i smell?" i hot-footed it, bare-naked out the window!  well, sometimes i might get drunk, walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk. don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride 'cause i got my little lady right by my side. (right there proud as can be)  i's out there paintin' on the old woodshed when a can a black paint it fell on my head. i went down to scrub and rub but i had to sit in back of the tub. cost a quarter and i had to get out quick someone wanted to come in and take a sauna  well, my telephone rang it would not stop, it's president kennedy callin' me up. he said, "my friend, bob, what do we need to make the country grow?" i said, "my friend, john, brigitte bardot, anita ekberg,  sophia loren." put 'em all in the same room with ernest borgnine!  well, i got a woman sleeps on a cot, she yells and hollers and squeals a lot. licks my face and tickles my ear, bends me over and buys me beer. (she's a honeymooner a june crooner a spoon feeder and a natural leader)  oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy, i got a woman who works on the levee. pumping that water up to her neck, every week she sends me a monthly check. she's a humdinger folk singer dead ringer for a thing-a-muh jigger  late one day in the middle of the week, eyes were closed i was half asleep. i chased me a woman up the hill, right in the middle of an air raid drill. it was little bo peep! (i jumped a fallout shelter i jumped a bean stalk i jumped a ferris wheel)  now, the man on the stand he wants my vote, he's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note. he's out there preachin' in front of the steeple, tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people. (he's eatin' bagels he's eatin' pizza he's eatin' chitlins he's eatin' bullshit!)  oh, set me down on a television floor, i'll flip the channel to number four. out of the shower comes a grown-up man with a bottle of hair oil in his hand. (it's that greasy kid stuff. what i want to know, mr. football man, is what do you do about willy mays and yul brynner, charles de gaulle and robert louis stevenson?)  well, the funniest woman i ever seen was the great-granddaughter of mr. clean. she takes about fifteen baths a day, wants me to grow a cigar on my face. (she's a little bit heavy!)  well, ask me why i'm drunk alla time, it levels my head and eases my mind. i just walk along and stroll and sing, i see better days and i do better things. i catch dinosaurs i make love to elizabeth taylor catch hell from richard burton!)well, it's always been my nature to take chances my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances where the current is strong and the monkey dances to the tune of a concertina  blood dryin' in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore i know what it is that has drawn me to your door but whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed and the head of a hyena  do i need your permission to turn the other cheek? if you can read my mind, why must i speak? no, i have heard nothing about the man that you seek angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road with your subpoena  when you cease to exist, then who will you blame? i've tried my best to love you, but i cannot play this game your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  there's a black mercedes rollin' through the combat zone your servants are half deadby bob dylan    you know, there's two ol' maids layin' in the bed,  one picked herself up an' the other one, she said&#58;  "get your rocks off!  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, there late one night up on blueberry hill,  one man turned to the other man and said, with a blood-curdlin' chill, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was layin' down around mink muscle creek,  one man said to the other man, he began to speak, he said&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me! (get 'em off!)"    well, you know, we was cruisin' down the highway in a greyhound bus.  all kinds-a children in the side road, they was hollerin' at us, sayin'&#58;  "get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off! (get 'em off!)  get your rocks off-a me!"black jack davey come a-riden' on back, a-whistlin' loud and merry. made the woods around him ring, and he charmed the heart of a lady, charmed the heart of a lady.  "how old are you, my pretty little miss, how old are you, my honey" she answered to him with a lovin' smile "i'll be sixteen come sunday, be sixteen come sunday."  "come and go with me, my pretty little miss, come and go with me, my honey, take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money you never will want for money  "pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of spanish leather. get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together, we'll both go off together."  well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of spanish leather. got behind him on his horse and they rode off together. they rode off together.  at night the boss came home inquiring about this lady. the servant spoke before she thought, "she's been with black jack dave, rode off with black jack davey."  "well, saddle for me my coal black stud, he's speedier than the gray. i rode all day and i'll ride all night, and i'll overtake my lady. i'll bring back my lady."  well, he rode all night till the broad daylight, till he came to a river ragin', and there he spied his darlin' bride in the arms of black jack davey. wrapped up with black jack davey.  "pull off, pull off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. give to me your lily-white hand and we'll both go home together. we'll both go home together."  well, she pulled off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. gave to him her lily-white hand and said good-bye forever. bid farewell forever.  "would you forsake your house and home, would you forsake your baby? would you forsake your husband, too, to go with black jack davey. rode off with black jack davey?"  "well, i'll forsake my house and home, and i'll forsake my baby. i'll forsake my husband, too, for the love of black jack davey. ride off with black jack davey."  "last night i slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby. tonight i lay on the river banks in the arms of black jack davey, love my black jack davey."spoken intro: i first heard this from ric von schmidt. he lives in cambridge. ric is a blues guitar player. i met him one day in the green pastures of harvard university.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  can i come home with you, baby can i come home with you? yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me come home with you.  baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down well i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.  yes i'll do anything in this god almighty world if you just let me follow you down.gonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna put my good foot forward, and stop being influenced by fools.  so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. sons becoming husbands to their mothers, and old men turning young daughters into whores.  stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. swords piercing your side, blood and water flowing through the land.  well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. you remember only about the brass ring, you forget all about the golden rule.  you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. but there's only one authority, and that's the authority on high.  i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. she can do the georgia crawl, she can walk in the spirit of the lord.  jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." he said, "he who is not for me is against me," just so you know where he's coming from.  there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. well the lord created it, mister, about the same time he made the earth.wise men say only fools rush in but i can't help falling in love with you. shall i stay, will it be a sin if i can't help falling in love with you?  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.  like a river flows surely to the sea darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be. take my hand, take my whole life too for i can't help falling in love with you.i'm just average, common too i'm just like him, the same as you i'm everybody's brother and son i ain't different from anyone it ain't no use a-talking to me it's just the same as talking to you.  i was shadow-boxing earlier in the day i figured i was ready for cassius clay i said "fee, fie, fo, fum, cassius clay, here i come 26, 27, 28, 29, i'm gonna make your face look just like mine five, four, three, two, one, cassius clay you'd better run 99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen."  well, i don't know, but i've been told the streets in heaven are lined with gold i ask you how things could get much worse if the russians happen to get up there first. wowee! pretty scary!  now, i'm liberal, but to a degree i want ev'rybody to be free but if you think that i'll let barry goldwater move in next door and marry my daughter you must think i'm crazy! i wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in cuba.  well, i set my monkey on the log and ordered him to do the dog he wagged his tail and shook his head and he went and did the cat instead he's a weird monkey, very funky.  i sat with my high-heeled sneakers on waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist and my wig-hat was falling in my face but they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.  i gotta woman, she's so mean she sticks my boots in the washing machine sticks me with buckshot when i'm nude puts bubblegum in my food she's funny, wants my money, calls me "honey."  now i gotta friend who spends his life stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife dreams of strangling me with a scarf when my name comes up he pretends to barf. i've got a million friends!  now they asked me to read a poem at the sorority sister's home i got knocked down and my head was swimmin' i wound up with the dean of women yippee! i'm a poet, and i know it. hope i don't blow it.  i'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange so i look like a walking mountain range and i'm gonna ride into omaha on a horse out to the country club and the golf course. carry the new york times, shoot a few holes, blow their minds.  now you're probably wondering by now just what this song is all about what's probably got you baffled more is what this thing here is for. it's nothing it's something i learned over in england.frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh, frog went a-courtin', and he did ride. with a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.  well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh, well he rode up to miss mousey's door. gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh.  said, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said he, "miss mouse, are you within?" uh-huh, said, "miss mouse, are you within?" "yes, kind sir, i sit and spin," uh-huh.  he took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh, took miss mousey on his knee. said, "miss mousey, will you marry me?" uh-huh.  "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh "without my uncle rat's consent. i wouldn't marry the president, uh-huh  uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh, uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,. to think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.  uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh, uncle rat went runnin' downtown. to buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh  where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh, where shall the wedding supper be? way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh-huh  what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh, what should the wedding supper be? fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, uh-huh.  well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh, first to come in was a flyin' moth. she laid out the table cloth, uh-huh.  next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh, next to come in was a juney bug. she brought the water jug, uh-huh.  next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh next to come in was a bumbley bee. sat mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.  next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh, next to come in was a broken black flea. danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh-huh.  next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh, next to come in was mrs. cow. she tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh-huh.  next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh, next to come in was a little black tick. she ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.  next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh, next to come in was a big black snake. ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.  next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh, next to come was the old gray cat. swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.  mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh, mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook. a lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.  a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh, a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf. if you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.by bob dylan    well, your clock is gonna stop  at saint peter's gate.  ya gonna ask him what time it is,  he's gonna say, "it's too late."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna start to sweat  and you ain't gonna stop.  you're gonna have a nightmare  and never wake up.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna cry for pills  and your head's gonna be in a knot,  but the pills are gonna cost more  than what you've got.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna have to walk naked,  can't ride in no car.  you're gonna let ev'rybody see  just what you are.  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    well, the good wine's a-flowin'  for five cents a quart.  you're gonna look in your moneybags  and find you're one cent short.  hey, hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.    you're gonna yell and scream,  "don't anybody care?"  you're gonna hear out a voice say,  "shoulda listened when you heard the word down there."  hey, hey!  i'd sure hate to be you  on that dreadful day.woke up this morning, feeling blue, seen a good-lookin' girl, can i make love with you? hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i went back home, put on my tie, gonna get that girl that money that money will buy. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  she looked at me, begin to smile, said, "hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?" no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  no, no, ma'ma, i can't wait, you got my money, now you're trying to break this date. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.  i tell you something, tell you the facts, you don't want me, give my money back. hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you, hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you. i got blood in my eyes for you, babe, i don't care what in the world you do.i didn't know that you'd be leavin' or who you thought you were talkin' to. i figure maybe we're even or maybe i'm one up on you.  i send you all my money just like i did before. i tried to reach you honey, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  i ain't gonna get lost in this current, i don't like playing cat and mouse. no gentleman likes making love to a servant. especially when he's in his father's house.  i never could guess your weight, baby, never needed to call you my whore. i always thought you were straight, baby, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  well these times and these tunnels are haunted, the bottom of the barrel is too. i waited years sometimes for what i wanted. everybody can't be as lucky as you.  never no more do i wonder, why you don't never play with me any more. at any moment you could go under, cause you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  you and me we had completeness, i give you all of what i could provide we weren't on the wrong side, sweetness, we were the wrong side.  i've already ripped out the phones, honey. you can't walk the streets in a war. i can finish this alone, honey, you're driftin' too far from shore.how many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man ? how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand ? yes, how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many years can a mountain exist before it's washed to the sea ? yes, how many years can some people exist before they're allowed to be free ? yes, how many times can a man turn his head pretending he just doesn't see ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many times must a man look up before he can see the sky ? yes, how many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry ? yes, how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.come gather 'round people wherever you roam and admit that the waters around you have grown and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone. if your time to you is worth savin' then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stone for the times they are a-changin'.  come writers and critics who prophesize with your pen and keep your eyes wide the chance won't come again and don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin and there's no tellin' who that it's namin'. for the loser now will be later to win for the times they are a-changin'.  come senators, congressmen please heed the call don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall for he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled there's a battle outside and it is ragin'. it'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls for the times they are a-changin'.  come mothers and fathers throughout the land and don't criticize what you can't understand your sons and your daughters are beyond your command your old road is rapidly agin'. please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand for the times they are a-changin'.  the line it is drawn the curse it is cast the slow one now will later be fast as the present now will later be past the order is rapidly fadin'. and the first one now will later be last for the times they are a-changin'.well, it's all of fair and handsome girl, she's all in her tender years. she fell in love with a sailor boy, it's true she loved him well. for to go off to sea with him like she did not know how, she longed to see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  so she bargained with the sailor boy, all for a piece of gold. straightaway then he led her down into the hold, sayin', "i'll dress you up in sailor's clothes, your jacket shall be blue. you'll see that seaport town of canadee-i-o.  now, when the other sailors heard the news, well, they fell into a rage, and with all the ship's company they were willing to engage. saying, "we'll tie her hands and feet, my boys, overboard we'll throw her. she'll never see that seaport town called canadee-i-o.  now, when the captain he heard the news, well, he too fell in a rage, and with the whole ship's company he was willing to engage, sayin', "she'll stay in sailor's clothes, her color shall be blue, she'll see that seaport town call canadee-i-o.  now, when they come down to canada scarcely 'bout half a year, she's married this bold captain who called her his dear. she's dressed in silks and satins now, she cuts a gallant show, finest of the ladies down canadee-i-o.  come, all you fair and tender girls, wheresoever you may be, i'd have you to follow your own true love whene'er he goes to sea. for if the sailors prove false to you, well, the captain, he might prove true. you'll see the honor i have gained by the wearing of the blue.they pave paradise, they put up a parking lot a pink hotel, a boutique and a swinging hot spot don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  they took all the trees, they put them in a tree museum they charged the people a dollar and a half just to see them don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  hey farmer, farmer, put away the d.d.t give me spots on my apples but leave the birds and the bees, please don't it always go to show  you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  late last night i heard my screen door slam a big yellow bulldozer took away the house and land don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.  alberta, what's on your mind, alberta, what's on your mind ? you keep me worried and bothered all of the time alberta, what's on your mind ?  alberta, don't you treat me unkind, alberta, don't you treat me unkind ? oh my heart is sad because i want you so bad alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?  alberta, let your hair hang low, alberta, let your hair hang low  i'll give you more gold than your apron can hold if you'll only let your hair hang low.by bob dylan    i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  some fat momma  kissed my mouth one time.    well, i needed it this morning  without a shadow of doubt.  my suitcase is packed,  my clothes are hangin' out.    san francisco's fine,  you sure get lots of sun.  san francisco is fine.  you sure get lots of sun.  but i'm used to four seasons,  california's got but one.    well, i got my dark sunglasses,  i got for good luck my black tooth.  i got my dark sunglasses,  and for good luck i got my black tooth.  don't ask me nothin' about nothin',  i just might tell you the truth.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel. you all been down and lonesome, you know just how a poor man feels.  been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke, i done pawned my pistol, baby, my best clothes been sold.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees, i ain't cryin' for no religion, lord, give me back my good gal please.  if you give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more, don't have to put her in my house, lordy, just lead her to my door.  lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord.  can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door? now you hear me tappin', tappin' across your floor.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all. what make me love my woman, she can really do the georgia crawl.  feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell, if you're a real hot momma, come take away daddy's weeping spell.i am a lonesome hobo without family or friends, where another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends. i have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail and deceit, and i've served time for ev'rything 'cept beggin' on the street.  well, once i was rather prosperous, there was nothing i did lack. i had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back. but i did not trust my brother, i carried him to blame, which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame.  kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon i will be gone, but let me just warn you all, before i do pass on; stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code, and hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road.well, i ride on a mailtrain, babe can't buy a thrill well, i've been up all night leanin' on the window sill well, if i die on top of the hill and if i don't make it you know my baby will.  don't the moon look good, mama shinin' through the trees ? don't the brakeman look good, mama ragging down the "double e" ? don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea ? don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me ?  now the wintertime is coming the windows are filled with frost i went to tell everybody but i could not get across well, i wanna be your lover, baby i don't wanna be your boss don't say i never warned you when your train gets lost.by bob dylan    well, if i had to do it all over again,  babe, i'd do it all over you.  and if i had to wait for ten thousand years,  babe, i'd even do that too.  well, a dog's got his bone in the alley,  a cat, she's got nine lives,  a millionaire's got a million dollars,  king saud's got four hundred wives.  well, ev'rybody's got somethin'  that they're lookin' forward to.  i'm lookin' forward to when i can do it all again  and babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, if i had my way tomorrow or today,  babe, i'd run circles all around.  i'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin,  i'd even dance a jig on the ground.  well, everybody gets their hour,  everybody gets their time,  little david when he picked up his pebbles,  even sampson after he went blind.  well, everybody gets the chance  to do what they want to do.  when my time arrives you better run for your life  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, i don't need no money, i just need a day that's sunny,  baby, and my days are gonna come.  and i grab me a pint, you know that i'm a giant  when you hear me yellin', "fee-fi-fo-fum."  well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle,  you made me to a walkin' wreck,  then you pushed my heart through my backbone,  then you knocked off my head from my neck.  well, if i'm ever standin' steady  a-doin' what i want to do,  well, i tell you little lover that you better run for cover  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    i'm just restin' at your gate so that i won't be late  and, momma, i'm a-just sittin' on the shelf.  look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there  just a-fumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself.  well, after my cigarette's been smoked up,  after all my liquor's been drunk,  after my dreams are dreamed out,  after all my thoughts have been thunk,  well, after i do some of these things,  i'm gonna do what i have to do.  and i tell you on the side, that you better run and hide  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.well my heart's in the highlands, gentle and fair  honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air  bluebells blazing where the aberdeen waters flow  well my heart's in the highlands  i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go  windows were shaking all night in my dreams  everything was exactly the way that it seems  woke up this mornin' and i looked at the same old page/pain/paint?  same old rat race, life in the same old cage  i don't want nothin' from anyone, ain't that much to take  wouldn't know the difference between a real blond and a fake  feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery  i wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me  well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam  that's where i'll be when i get called home  the wind it whispers to the buckeye trees of rhyme  well my heart's in the highlands  i can only get there one step at a time  i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound  someone's always yellin' "turn it down"  feel like i'm driftin', driftin' from scene to scene  i'm wonderin' what in the devil could it all possibly mean  insanity is smashin' up against my soul  you could say i was on anything but a roll  if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top  what would i do with it anyway, maybe take it to the pawn shop  my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn  by the beautiful lake of the black swan  big white clouds like chariots that swing down low  well my heart's in the highlands only place left to go  i'm in boston town in some restaurant  i got no idea what i want  or maybe i do but i'm just really not sure  waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her  well it must be a holiday, there's nobody around  she studies me closely as i sit down  she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs  i said "tell me what i want"  she say "you probably want hard boiled eggs"  i said "that's right, bring me some"  she says "we ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come"  then she says "i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me"  i said "i would if i could but  i don't do sketches from memory"  well she's?? near she says "i'm right here in front of you or haven't  you looked"  i say "all right i know but i don't have my drawin' book"  she gives me a napkin, she say "you can do it on that"  i say "yes i could but i don't know where my pencil is at"  she pulls one out from behind her ear  she says "alright now go ahead draw me i'm stayin' right here"  i make a few lines and i show it for her to see  well she takes the napkin and throws it back and says  "that don't look a thing like me"  i said "oh kind miss, it most certainly does"  she say "you must be joking", i said "i wish i was"  she says "you don't read women authors do ya?"  at least that's what i think i hear her say  well i say "how would you know, and what would it matter anyway"  well she says "ya just don't seem like ya do", i said "you're way wrong"  she says "which ones have you read then?", i say "read erica jong"  she goes away for a minute, and i slide out, out of my chair  i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's goin' anywhere  well my heart's in the highlands with the horses and hounds  way up in the border country far from the towns  with the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow  my heart's in the highlands, can't see any other way to go  every day is the same thing, out the door  feel further away than ever before  some things in life it just gets too late to learn  well i'm lost somewhere, i must have made a few bad turns  i see people in the park, forgettin' their troubles and woes  they're drinkin' and dancin', wearin' bright colored clothes  all the young men with the young women lookin' so good  well i'd trade places with any of 'em, in a minute if i could  i'm crossin' the street to get away from a mangy dog  talkin' to myself in a monologue  i think what i need might be a full length leather coat  somebody just asked me if i'm registered to vote  the sun is beginnin' to shine on me  but it's not like the sun that used to be  the party's over and there's less and less to say  i got new eyes, everything looks far away  well my heart's in the highlands at the break of day  over the hills and far away  there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow  well i'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for now[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]"there must be some way out of here," said the joker to the thief, "there's too much confusion, i can't get no relief. businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth, none of them along the line know what any of it is worth."  "no reason to get excited," the thief, he kindly spoke, "there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. but you and i, we've been through that, and this is not our fate, so let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late."  all along the watchtower, princes kept the view while all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too.  outside in the distance a wildcat did growl, two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" far between sundown's finish an' midnight's broken toll we ducked inside the doorway, thunder crashing as majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight an' for each an' ev'ry underdog soldier in the night an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  in the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched with faces hidden while the walls were tightening as the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain dissolved into the bells of the lightning tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an' forsakened tolling for the outcast, burnin' constantly at stake an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail the sky cracked its poems in naked wonder that the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder striking for the gentle, striking for the kind striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind an' the unpawned painter behind beyond his rightful time an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  through the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales for the disrobed faceless forms of no position tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts all down in taken-for-granted situations tolling for the deaf an' blind, tolling for the mute tolling for the mistreated, mateless mother, the mistitled prostitute for the misdemeanor outlaw, chased an' cheated by pursuit an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  even though a cloud's white curtain in a far-off corner flashed an' the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting tolling for the searching ones, on their speechless, seeking trail for the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale an' for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.  starry-eyed an' laughing as i recall when we were caught trapped by no track of hours for they hanged suspended as we listened one last time an' we watched with one last look spellbound an' swallowed 'til the tolling ended tolling for the aching ones whose wounds cannot be nursed for the countless confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones an' worse an' for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.i hear that train a-rolling, it's a-rolling round the bend i ain't seen the sunshine since i don't know when i'm stucked in folsom prison and time keeps dragging on and i hear that whistle blowing all down to san antone  when i was just a baby my momma told me: son always be a good boy, don't ever play with guns but i shot a man in reno just to watch him die when i hear that train a-pulling i hang my head and cry  i bet there's rich folks eating in their fancy dining cars they're probably drinking coffee and smoking big cigars but i know i had it coming, i know i can't be free but the people keep a-moving, and that's what tortures me  if they'd free me from this prison, if that railroad train was mine you bet i moved it on a little further down the line far from folsom prison that's where i long to stay and i'd let that lonesome whistle blow my blues awaydown along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.by bob dylan    yes, the gal i got  i swear she's the screaming end  she wants me to be a hero  so she can tell all her friends    well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  she wants me to go out  and find somebody to fight    she reads too many books  she got new movies inside her head  she reads too many books  she got movies inside her head  she wants me to walk out running  she wants me to crawl back dead    you need a different kinda man, babe  one that can grab and hold your heart  need a different kind of man, babe  one that can hold and grab your heart  you need a different kind of man, babe  you need napoleon boneeparte    well, when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  you can stand and shout hero  all over my lonesome graveforgetful heart lost your power of recall every little detail you don't remember at all the times we knew who would remember better than you?  forgetful heart we laughed and had a good time, you and i it's been so long now you're content to let the days go by when you were there you were the answer to my prayer  forgetful heart we loved with all the love that life can give what can i say? without you it's so hard to live can't take much more why can't we love like we did before?  forgetful heart like a walking shadow in my brain all night long i lay awake and listen to the sound of pain the door has closed forevermore if indeed there ever was a doori hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road. the stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel, i hate myself for lovin' you and i'm glad the curtain fell.  i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed and the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed? i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within, that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.  heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped, acting out his folly while his back is being whipped. like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame, all for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.  there are those who worship loneliness, i'm not one of them, in this age of fiberglass i'm searching for a gem. the crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet, i've paid the price of solitude, but at last i'm out of debt.  can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me 'cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees. we stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break, no use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?  so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine, the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen. lady luck, who shines on me, will tell you where i'm at, i hate myself for lovin' you, but i should get over that.lazy stadium night catfish on the mound. "strike three," the umpire said, batter have to go back and sit down.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  used to work on mr. finley's farm but the old man wouldn't pay so he packed his glove and took his arm an' one day he just ran away.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  come up where the yankees are, dress up in a pinstripe suit, smoke a custom-made cigar, wear an alligator boot.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  carolina born and bred, love to hunt the little quail. got a hundred-acre spread, got some huntin' dogs for sale.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  reggie jackson at the plate seein' nothin' but the curve, swing too early or too late got to eat what catfish serve.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.  even billy martin grins when the fish is in the game. every season twenty wins gonna make the hall of fame.  catfish, million-dollar-man, nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.she came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood she cried both day and night i know it because it was there. it's a milestone, but she's down on her luck and she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book i would then.  i believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care i believe that she'd look upon beside him to care and i go by the lord and where she's on my way, but i don't belong there. no i don't belong to her, i don't belong to every choir she's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry she's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on when i'm there she's alright, but when she's not when i'm gone. heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one she's the way for sailing beautiful she's mine for the one and i lost her attention by tempation as it runs but she don't bother me but i'm not there i'm gone.  now i've cried tonight like i cried the night before and i'm leased on the high some but i dream about the door it's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale it don't hang approximation she smiled fare thee well.  now when i'll treat the way we all was born to love her but she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her and i run but i wait and it's not too fast or slam but i'll not perceive her i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's all about division and i cry for a bail i don't need anybody now beside me to tell and it's all affirmation i received but it's not she's a long haunting beauty but she's gone like the spark  and she's gone.  yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday but now she's home beside me and i'd like to hear to stay she's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone now i wish i was beside her but i'm not there i'm gone.  well it's too hard to stake in and i don't far believe it's a bag full it's amusing that she's hard too hard to lead. it's a load, it's a crime the way she mauled me around was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  yes i believe that it's rightful oh i believe it in my mind i been told like i said one night before carry on the grind. and this song gypsy told her like i said carry on i wish i was there to help her but i'm not there i'm gone.when she said, "don't waste your words, they're just lies," i cried she was deaf. and she worked on my face until breaking my eyes, then said, "what else you got left?" it was then that i got up to leave but she said, "don't forget, everybody must give something back for something they get."  i stood there and hummed,  i tapped on her drum  and asked her how come. and she buttoned her boot,  and straightened her suit, then she said, "don't get cute." so i forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs, and gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum.  she threw me outside, i stood in the dirt where ev'ryone walked. and after finding i'd forgotten my shirt, i went back and knocked. i waited in the hallway, she went to get it, and i tried to make sense out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against--  her jamaican rum and when she did come, i asked her for some. she said, "no, dear." i said, "your words aren't clear, you'd better spit out your gum." she screamed till her face got so red, then she fell on the floor, and i covered her up and then thought i'd go look through her drawer.  and when i was through i filled up my shoe and brought it to you. and you, you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time. and i, i never took much, i never asked for your crutch and i don't ask for mine.done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on and it seems like i've got to travel on  papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny can't come home, johnny can't come home papa writes to johnny, johnny can't come home johnny's been out on the road too long so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way going home to stay, going home to stay that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way and i feel like i just want to travel on so i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on oh yes i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i've got to travel on  there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming through the town i'll be homeward bound, i'll be homeward bound there's a lonesome freight at 6:08 coming on through the town and i feel like i just want to travel on well i done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long summer's almost gone, winter's coming on yes it is done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long and it seems like i almost travel ontake a silver dollar and put it in your pocket, never let it slip away. always be a man, not a boy gone astray. when ya get half cra-zy from the august heat or on a frozen, rotted road with no one to complain to about your achin' feet.  [chorus:] you're gonna walk that endless highway, walk that high-way till you die. all you children goin' my way, better tell your home-life sweet goodbye.  when i see a detour up ahead, well, i leave it far behind, who knows what you're apt to find there. with the cost of livin, and the price of dyin', well it look like t'me this time i wont be buyin'  [chorus]  when they get a scapegoat by the throat, it's hard labour and cold beans. if ya get away real quick, you'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine. well, i sing by night, wander by day. i'm on the road and it looks like i'm here to stay.  [chorus]i once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze. with the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn. i courted her proudly but now she is gone, gone as the season she's taken.  through young summer's breeze, i stole her away from her mother and sister, though close did they stay. each one of them suffering from the failures of their day, with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.  of the two sisters, i loved the young. with sensitive instincts, she was the creative one. the constant scapegoat, she was easily undone by the jealousy of others around her.  for her parasite sister, i had no respect, bound by her boredom, her pride to protect. countless visions of the other she'd reflect as a crutch for her scenes and her society.  myself, for what i did, i cannot be excused, the changes i was going through can't even be used, for the lies that i told her in hopes not to lose the could-be dream-lover of my lifetime.  with unknown consciousness, i possessed in my grip a magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped, noticing not that i'd already slipped to a sin of love's false security.  from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace, answers of emptiness, voice vacancies, till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but, "please, what's wrong and what's exactly the matter?"  and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen, the timeless explosion of fantasy's dream. at the peak of the night, the king and the queen tumbled all down into pieces.  "the tragic figure!" her sister did shout, "leave her alone, god damn you, get out!" and i in my armor, turning about and nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness.  beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound her sister and i in a screaming battleground. and she in between, the victim of sound, soon shattered as a child 'neath her shadows.  all is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight. i gagged twice, doubled, tears blinding my sight. my mind it was mangled, i ran into the night leaving all of love's ashes behind me.  the wind knocks my window, the room it is wet. the words to say i'm sorry, i haven't found yet. i think of her often and hope whoever she's met will be fully aware of how precious she is.  ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me, "how good, how good does it feel to be free?" and i answer them most mysteriously, "are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"have yourself a merry little christmas let your heart be light  next year our troubles will be out of sight  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  here we are as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow until then we'll have to motor through somehow and have yourself a merry little christmas now  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  once again as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow so hang a shining star upon the highest bough and have yourself a merry little christmas now have yourself a merry little christmas nowby bob dylan and helena springs    we have got to come together  how long can we stay apart?  you may get it maybe never  but it's coming from the heart.    your life is full of indecision  you can't make up your mind.  we must get it in position  and move it on down the line.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    make me up a bed of roses  and hang them down from the vine  of all my loves you've been the closest  that's ever been on my mind.    please don't talk about tomorrow  i'm really not one to care  this world is filled with too much sorrow  that nobody's heart should bear.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.    please, please give me indication  stop and talk to me  like a river that is flowing  my love will never cease to be.    you will always be my honey  no one could take your part  our love can't be bought with money  'cause it's coming from the heart.    'cause the road is long, it's a long hard climb  i been on that road too long of a time  yes the road is long, and it winds and winds  when i think of the love that i left behind.mary wore three links of chain every link was jesus name keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  mary, mark, luke and john all these prophets are dead and gone keep your hand on that plow, hold on  oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  well, i've never been to heaven but i've been told streets up there are lined with gold keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.the guilty undertaker sighs, the lonely organ grinder cries, the silver saxophones say i should refuse you. the cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn, but it's not that way, i wasn't born to lose you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  the drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep and the saviors who are fast asleep, they wait for you. and i wait for them to interrupt me drinkin' from my broken cup and ask me to open up the gate for you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now all my fathers, they've gone down, true love they've been without it. but all their daughters put me down cause i don't think about it.  well, i return to the queen of spades and talk with my chambermaid. she knows that i'm not afraid to look at her. she is good to me and there's nothing she doesn't see. she knows where i'd like to be but it doesn't matter. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now your dancing child with his chinese suit, he spoke to me, i took his flute. no, i wasn't very cute to him, was i? but i did it, though, because he lied because he took you for a ride and because time was on his side and because i  i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.every time my baby and me we go up town police come and they knock me down cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick.  this old cocaine is 'bout to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain. yonder comes by baby, she's dressed in red she's got a shot-gun, says she's gonna kill me dead.  cocaine all around my brain hey baby, better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, better come here quick this old cocaine 'bout to make me sick cocaine all around my brain. early one morning, half past four  cocaine came knockin' on my door. cocaine all around my brain hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine is making me sick.  cocaine all around my brain. cocaine's for horses and it's not for men doctor said it kill you, but he don't say when. cocaine all around my brain.  hey baby, you better come here quick. this old cocaine about to make me sick. cocaine all around my brain.i dreamed i saw st. augustine alive as you or me tearing through these quarters in the utmost misery with a blanket underneath his arm and a coat of solid gold searching for the very souls whom already have been sold.  "arise, arise", he cried so loud with a voice without restraint "come out ye gifted kings and queens and hear my sad complaint no martyr is among ye now whom you can call your own so go on your way accordingly but know you're not alone".  i dreamed i saw st. augustine alive with fiery breath and i dreamed i was amongst the ones that put him out to death oh, i awoke in anger so alone and terrified i put my fingers against the glass and bowed my head and cried.you may be an ambassador to england or france, you may like to gamble, you might like to dance, you may be the heavyweight champion of the world, you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls  [chorus:] but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed you're gonna have to serve somebody, well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord  but you're gonna have to serve somebody.  you might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage, you might have drugs at your command, women in a cage, you may be a business man or some high degree thief,  they may call you doctor or they may call you chief  [chorus:]  you may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk, you may be the head of some big tv network, you may be rich or poor,  you may be blind or lame,  you may be living in another country under another name  [chorus:]  you may be a construction worker working on a home, you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome, you might own guns and you might even own tanks, you might be somebody's landlord, you might even own banks  [chorus:]  you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride, you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side, you may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair, you may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir  [chorus:]  might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk, might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk, you might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,  you may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed  [chorus:]  you may call me terry, you may call me timmy, you may call me bobby, you may call me zimmy, you may call me r.j., you may call me ray,  you may call me anything but no matter what you say  [chorus:]well, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone yes, i walked all night long listenin' to them church bells tone either someone needing mercy or maybe something i've done wrong  well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say well, your friends come by for you i don't know what to say i just can't face up to tell 'em honey, you just went away  well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, children cry for mother i tell them, "mother took a trip" well, i walk on pins and needles i hope my tongue don't slip  well, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you yes, i gaze at passing strangers in case i might see you but the sun goes around the heavens and another day just drives on through  way out in the distance i know you're with some other man way out in the distance i know you're with some other man but that's alright, baby you know i always understand  call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye call girls in the doorway all giving me the eye but my heart's just not in it i might as well pass right on by  my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells my ears are ringin' ringin' like empty shells well, it can't be no guitar player it must be convent bells[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]well, i ride on a mailtrain, babe can't buy a thrill well, i've been up all night leanin' on the window sill well, if i die on top of the hill and if i don't make it you know my baby will.  don't the moon look good, mama shinin' through the trees ? don't the brakeman look good, mama ragging down the "double e" ? don't the sun look good goin' down over the sea ? don't my gal look fine when she's comin' after me ?  now the wintertime is coming the windows are filled with frost i went to tell everybody but i could not get across well, i wanna be your lover, baby i don't wanna be your boss don't say i never warned you when your train gets lost.pistol shots ring out in the barroom night enter patty valentine from the upper hall. she sees the bartender in a pool of blood,  cries out, "my god, they killed them all!" here comes the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  three bodies lyin' there does patty see and another man named bello, movin' around mysteriously. "i didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands "i was only robbin' the register, i hope you understand. i saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops "one of us had better call up the cops." and so patty calls the cops and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin' in the hot new jersey night.  meanwhile, far away in another part of town rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around. number one contender for the middleweight crown had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road just like the time before and the time before that. in paterson that's just the way things go. if you're black you might as well not show up on the street 'less you want to draw the heat.  alfred bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops. him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin' around he said, "i saw two men runnin' out, they looked like middleweights they jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates." and miss patty valentine just nodded her head. cop said, "wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead" so they took him to the infirmary and though this man could hardly see they told him that he could identify the guilty men.  four in the mornin' and they haul rubin in,  take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs. the wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye says, "wha'd you bring him in here for? he ain't the guy!" yes, here's the story of the hurricane,  the man the authorities came to blame for somethin' that he never done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.  four months later, the ghettos are in flame,  rubin's in south america, fightin' for his name while arthur dexter bradley's still in the robbery game and the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.  "remember that murder that happened in a bar?" "remember you said you saw the getaway car?" "you think you'd like to play ball with the law?" "think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?" "don't forget that you are white."  arthur dexter bradley said, "i'm really not sure." cops said, "a poor boy like you could use a break we got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend bello now you don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow. you'll be doin' society a favor. that sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver. we want to put his ass in stir we want to pin this triple murder on him he ain't no gentleman jim."  rubin could take a man out with just one punch but he never did like to talk about it all that much. it's my work, he'd say, and i do it for pay and when it's over i'd just as soon go on my way up to some paradise where the trout streams flow and the air is nice and ride a horse along a trail. but then they took him to the jailhouse where they trialed a man into a mouse.  all of rubin's cards were marked in advance the trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance. the judge made rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums to the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum and to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger. no one doubted that he pulled the trigger.  and though they could not produce the gun,  the d.a. said he was the one who did the deed and the all-white jury agreed.  rubin carter was falsely tried. the crime was murder "one," guess who testified? bello and bradley and they both baldly lied and the newspapers, they all went along for the ride. how can the life of such a man be in the palm of some fool's hand? to see him obviously framed couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land where justice is a game.  now all the criminals in their coats and their ties are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise while rubin sits like buddha in a ten-foot cell an innocent man in a living hell. that's the story of the hurricane,  but it won't be over till they clear his name and give him back the time he's done. put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been the champion of the world.you been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe, but you're back where you belong. go get me my pistol, babe, honey, i can't tell right from wrong.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  go down to the river, babe, honey, i will meet you there. go down to the river, babe, honey, i will pay your fare.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  if you're looking for assistance, babe, or if you just want some company or if you just want a friend you can talk to, honey, come and see about me.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  you been hurt so many times and i know what you're thinking of. well, i don't have to be no doctor, babe, to see that you're madly in love.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?delia was a gambling girl, gambled all around, delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out west, when she returned, little delia gone to rest. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's daddy weeped, delia's momma moaned, wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home. all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' looking high, curtis' looking low, he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty-four. all the friends i ever had are gone.  high up on the housetops, high as i can see, looking for them rounders, looking out for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  men in atlanta, tryin' to pass for white, delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight. all the friends i ever had are gone.  judge says to curtis, "what's this noise about?" "all about them rounders, judge, tryin' to cut me out." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis said to the judge, "what might be my fine?" judge says, "poor boy, you got ninety-nine." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup, delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you loved all them rounders, never did love me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you wanted all them rounders, never had time for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.by bob dylan  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  come on brother, join the band, come on sisters, clap your hands, tell everybody that's in the land, you ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  brown and blue and white and black, all one color on the one-way track, we got this far and ain't a-goin' back and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we're gonna notify your next of kin, you're gonna raise the roof until the house falls in. if you get knocked down get up again, we ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we'll sing this song all night long, sing it to my baby from midnight on. she'll sing it to you when i'm dead and gone, ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no morejust like old saxophone joe when he's hot ,the hogshead up on his toe oh me, oh my love that country pie.  listen to the fiddler play when he's playin' 'til the break of day   oh me, oh my love that country pie.  raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime what do i care? blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum call me for dinner, honey, i'll be there.  saddle me up on my big white goose tie me on 'er turn her loose oh me, oh my love that country pie.  i don't need much and that ain't no lie ain't runnin' any race  give to me my country pie i won't throw it up in anybody's face.  shake me up that old peach tree little jack horner's got nothin' on me oh me, oh my love that country pie.seen the arrow on the doorpost saying, "this land is condemned all the way from new orleans to jerusalem." i traveled through east texas where many martyrs fell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, i heard the hoot owl singing as they were taking down the tents the stars above the barren trees were his only audience them charcoal gypsy maidens can strut their feathers well but nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  see them big plantations burning hear the cracking of the whips smell that sweet magnolia blooming (and) see the ghosts of slavery ships i can hear them tribes a-moaning (i can) hear the undertaker's bell (yeah), nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  there's a woman by the river with some fine young handsome man he's dressed up like a squire bootlegged whiskey in his hand there's a chain gang on the highway i can hear them rebels yell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, god is in heaven and we all want what's his but power and greed and corruptible seed seem to be all that there is i'm gazing out the window of the st. james hotel and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctelli hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road. the stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel, i hate myself for lovin' you and i'm glad the curtain fell.  i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed and the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed? i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within, that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.  heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped, acting out his folly while his back is being whipped. like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame, all for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.  there are those who worship loneliness, i'm not one of them, in this age of fiberglass i'm searching for a gem. the crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet, i've paid the price of solitude, but at last i'm out of debt.  can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me 'cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees. we stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break, no use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?  so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine, the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen. lady luck, who shines on me, will tell you where i'm at, i hate myself for lovin' you, but i should get over that.i was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land i yelled down to captain arab, i'll have ya understand, who came running to the deck and said "boys! forget the whale - we're goin' over yonder. cut the engines. change the sails." "haul on that bowline!" we sang that melody, like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.  "i think i'll call it america." i said as we hit land. i took a deep breath. i fell down, i could not stand. captain arab he starting writing out some deeds and said "let's build us a fort and start buying the place with beads.? just then a cop come down the street crazy as a loon and throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons.  aw, me, i busted out - don't even ask me how, i went lookin' for some help, i walked past a guernsey cow who directed me down to the bowery slums where people carried signs around sayin' "ban the bums!". i jumped right in line, sayin' "i hope that i'm not late" when i realized i hadn't eaten for five days straight.  i went into a restaurant lookin' for the cook - i told him i was the editor of a famous etiquette book. the waiter he was handsome and he wore a powder blue cape. i ordered up some suzette, i said "could you please make that crepe?" just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat - food was flyin' everywhere - i left without my hat.  i didn't mean to be nosy so i went into a bank to try to get some bail for the boys back in the tank. they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants. they threw me in the alley, when up comes this girl from france who invited me to her place. i went, but she had a friend who knocked me out an' robbed my boots an' was i on the street again.  i went up to a big house with a u.s. flag upon display. i said "can you please help me out, i got some friends down the way." the man said "get out of here or i'll tear you limb from limb." i said "you know, they refused jesus, too." he said "you're not him. get out of here before i break your bones. i'm not your pop." i decided to have him arrested and went looking for a cop.  i ran back outside and got into a cab i ran out the other door - this english man said "fab!" as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood. i ran right through the door like a hobo sailor does, but it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who i was i repeated that all my friends were in jail, with a sigh. he gave me his card and said "call me if they die." i shook his hand and said goodbye and went back out on the street, when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet. a pay phone was ringin' - and it just about blew my mind - when i picked it up an' said "hello", this foot came through the line!  well about this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at gettin' any help for my friends and captain arab. i needed a coin to flip, like either heads or tails, would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail. so i hocked my sailor's suit an' i got a coin to flip. it came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so i made it back to the ship.  well i got back and took the parking ticket off the mast. i was ripping it to shreds when this coast guard boat went past. they asked me my name and i said "captain kidd". they believed me but they wanted to know exactly what i did. i said "for the pope of eyruke i was employed" they let me go right away, they were very paranoid.  well the last i heard of arab he was stuck on the side of a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail, but the funniest thing was - as i was leavin' the bay - i saw three ships sailing and they were all headed my way. so i asked the captain what his name was an' how come he didn't drive a truck?? he said his name was columbus an' i just said "good luck..."[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]highway 51 runs right by my baby's door highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go down to highway 51 no more.  well, i know that highway like i know my hand yes, i know that highway like i know the back of my hand running from up wisconsin way down to no man's land.  well, if i should die before my time should come and if i die before my time should come won't you bury my body out on the highway 51.  highway 51 runs right by my baby's door i said, highway 51 runs right by my baby's door if i don't get the girl i'm loving won't go own to highway 51 no more.once upon a time you dressed so fine threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you? people call say 'beware doll, you're bound to fall' you thought they were all kidding you you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out now you don't talk so loud now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be without a home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh you've gone to the finest schools, alright miss lonely but you know you only used to get juiced in it nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you're gonna have to get used to it you say you never compromise with the mystery tramp, but now you realize he's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say do you want to make a deal?  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ah you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you you never understood that it ain't no good you shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you you used to ride on a chrome horse with your diplomat who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat ain't it hard when you discovered that he really wasn't where it's at after he took from you everything he could steal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to have you on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh princess on a steeple and all the pretty people they're all drinking, thinking that they've got it made exchanging all precious gifts but you better take your diamond ring, you better pawn it babe you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse when you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose you're invisible now, you've got no secrets to conceal    how does it feel, ah how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stoneone by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.handy dandy, controversy surrounds him he been around the world and back again something in the moonlight still hounds him handy dandy, just like sugar and candy  handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it he got an all girl orchestra and when he says "strike up the band", they hit it handy dandy, handy dandy  you say, "what are ya made of?" he says, "can you repeat what you said?" you'll say, "what are you afraid of?" he'll say, "nothin' neither 'live nor dead"  handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money he says, "darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?" she says, "you got all the time in the world, honey" handy dandy, handy dandy  he's got that clear crystal fountain he's got that soft silky skin he's got that fortress on the mountain with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in  handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy he says, "ya want a gun? i'll give you one." she says, "boy, you talking crazy" handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, pour him another brandy  handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says, "okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow" handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy handy dandy, just like sugar and candyhow many times have you heard someone say if i had his money i'd do things my way hmm, but little they know hmm, it's so hard to find one man in ten with a satisfied mind.  hmm, once i was wading in fortune and fame everything that i dreamed of to get a start in lifes game but suddenly it happened hmm, i lost every dime but i'm richer by far with a satisfied mind.  hmm, when my life is over and my time has run out my friends and my loved ones i'll leave there ain't no doubt but one things for certain when it comes my time i'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind.i got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kids but my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid she's a junkyard angel and she always gives me the bread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, when the pipeline gets broken and i'm lost on the river bridge i'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge and then she comes down the thruway, ready to sew me up with a thread well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much she walks like bo diddley and she don't need no crutch she keeps this four-ten all loaded with lead well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bed  well, you know i need a steam shovel, mama, to keep away the dead i need a dump truck, baby, to unload my head she brings me everything and more, and just like i said well, if i go down dyin', you know she's bound to put a blanket on my bedhoney, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, i'm a-walkin' down the road with my head in my hand, i'm lookin' for a woman needs a worried man. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your aeroplane. honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your passenger train. well, i've been lookin' all over for a gal like you, i can't find nobody so you'll have to do. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, lookin' for a woman that ain't got no man, is just lookin' for a needle that is lost in the sand. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.heart of mine be still you can play with fire but you'll get the bill don't let her know don't let her know that you love her don't be a fool, don't be blind heart of mine.  heart of mine go back home you got no reason to wander, no reason to roam  don't let her see don't let her see that you need her don't put yourself over the line heart of mine.  heart of mine go back where you have been it'll only be trouble for you if you let her in don't let her hear don't let her hear you want her don't let her hear know she's so fine heart of mine.  heart of mine you know that she'll never be true she'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you don't let her know don't let her know where you're going don't untie the ties that bind heart of mine.  hear of mine so malicious and so full of guile give you an inch and you'll take a mile don't let yourself fall don't let yourself stumble if you can't do the time, don't do the crime heart of mine.have yourself a merry little christmas let your heart be light  next year our troubles will be out of sight  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  here we are as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow until then we'll have to motor through somehow and have yourself a merry little christmas now  have yourself a merry little christmas make the yule-tide gay next year our troubles will be miles away  once again as in olden days happy golden days of yore faithful friends who are dear to us will be near to us once more  someday soon we all will be together if the fates allow so hang a shining star upon the highest bough and have yourself a merry little christmas now have yourself a merry little christmas nowwell, it's always been my nature to take chances my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances where the current is strong and the monkey dances to the tune of a concertina  blood dryin' in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore i know what it is that has drawn me to your door but whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed and the head of a hyena  do i need your permission to turn the other cheek? if you can read my mind, why must i speak? no, i have heard nothing about the man that you seek angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road with your subpoena  when you cease to exist, then who will you blame? i've tried my best to love you, but i cannot play this game your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same angelina  oh, angelina. oh, angelina  there's a black mercedes rollin' through the combat zone your servants are half deadcovenant woman got a contract with the lord way up yonder, great will be her reward. covenant woman, shining like a morning star, i know i can trust you to stay where you are.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  i've been broken, shattered like an empty cup. i'm just waiting on the lord to rebuild and fill me up and i know he will do it 'cause he's faithful and he's true, he must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.  covenant woman, intimate little girl who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world. you know we are strangers in a land we're passing through. i'll always be right by your side, i've got a covenant too.  and i just got to tell you i do intend to stay closer than any friend. i just got to thank you once again for making your prayers known unto heaven for me and to you, always, so grateful i will forever be.feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well look over yonder, to that buryin' ground look over yonder, to that buryin' ground sure seems lonesome, lord when the sun goes down  feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head, up above my head well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head can tell jesus, "make up my dyin' bed"  well i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die yes i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die, fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, i'm a-walkin' down the road with my head in my hand, i'm lookin' for a woman needs a worried man. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your aeroplane. honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your passenger train. well, i've been lookin' all over for a gal like you, i can't find nobody so you'll have to do. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.  honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you. honey, just allow me one more chance, ah'll do anything with you. well, lookin' for a woman that ain't got no man, is just lookin' for a needle that is lost in the sand. just-a one kind favor i ask you, 'low me just-a one more chance.i wish i was in the land of cotton old times there are not forgotten look away, look away, look away to dixie land  [chorus] in dixie land where i was born early on one frosty morn look away, look away, look away to dixie land  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie  [chorus]  i wish i was in dixie away, away in dixie land i'll take my stand to live and die in dixie away, away, away down south in dixie away, away, away down south in dixiei'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around  now i'm all used up and i kind of feel turned around ??  i went to church on sunday and she passed by  and my love for her is taking such a long time to die  god i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist  it's almost like, almost like i don't exist  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  there's a wall of pride high and wide,  can't see over to the other side  it's such a sad thing to see such? beauty/human? decay,  it's sadder still to feel your heart torn? away  one look at you and i'm out of control  like the universe has swallowed me whole  i'm 20 miles out of town and cold irons bound  there's too many people, too many to recall  i thought some of 'em were friends of mine  i was wrong about 'em all  well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud  up over my head nothing but clouds of blood  i found my own, i found my one in you  but your love just hasn't proved true  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons bound well the winds in chicago have turned me to shreds  reality has always had too many heads  some things last longer than you think they will  some kind of things you can never kill  it's you and you only i'm thinking about  but you can't see in, and it's hard looking out  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  well the fat's in the fire, and the water's in the tank  and the whiskey's in the jar, and the money's in the bank  i tried to love and protect you because i cared  i'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared  but looking at you and i'm on my bended knee  you have no idea what you do to me  i'm 20 miles out of town cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons boundi'll remember you when i've forgotten all the rest you to me were true you to me were the best when there is no more you cut to the core quicker than anyone i knew when i'm all alone in the great unknown i'll remember you.  i'll remember you at the end of the trail i had so much left to do i had so little time to fail there's some people that you don't forget even though you've only seen 'em one time or two when the roses fade and i'm in the shade i'll remember you.  didn't i, didn't i try to love you? didn't i, didn't i try to care? didn't i sleep, didn't i weep beside you with the rain blowing in your hair.  i'll remember you when the wind blows through the piny wood it was you who came right through it was you who understood though i'd never say that i done it the way that you'd have liked me to in the end my dear sweet friend i'll remember you.smoky autumn night, stars up in the sky, i see the sailin' boats across the bay go by. eucalyptus trees hang above the street and then i turn my head, for you're approachin' me. moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room with a golden loom.  first we wash our feet near the immortal shrine and then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine. i see the hungry clouds up above your face and then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste. and then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom  with your golden loom.  i walk across the bridge in the dismal light where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night. i see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail and then i kiss your lips as i lift your veil. but you're gone and then all i seem to recall is the smell of perfume and your golden loom.in the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need when the pool of tears beneath my feet floods every newborn seed there's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere toiling in the danger and the morals of despair  don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand  oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer the sun beams down upon the steps of time to light the way to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay  i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame and every time i pass that way i'll always hear my name then onward in my journey i come to understand that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand  i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face  i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sandthere's a whole lot of people suffering tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people struggling tonight from the disease of conceit comes right down the highway straight down the line rips into your senses through your body and your mind nothing about it that's sweet the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of hearts shaking tonight from the disease of conceit steps into your eats into your soul over your senses you have no control ain't nothing too discreet about the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of people dying tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people crying tonight from the disease of conceit comes right out of nowhere and you're down for the count from the outside world the pressure will mount turn you into a piece of meat the disease of conceit.  conceit is the disease that the doctors got no cure they've done a lot of research on it but what it is they're still not sure.  there's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people seeing trouble tonight fro the disease of conceit give you delusions of grandeur an evil eye give you the idea that you're too good to die the they bury you from head to feet from the disease of conceit.the guilty undertaker sighs, the lonely organ grinder cries, the silver saxophones say i should refuse you. the cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn, but it's not that way, i wasn't born to lose you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  the drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep and the saviors who are fast asleep, they wait for you. and i wait for them to interrupt me drinkin' from my broken cup and ask me to open up the gate for you. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now all my fathers, they've gone down, true love they've been without it. but all their daughters put me down cause i don't think about it.  well, i return to the queen of spades and talk with my chambermaid. she knows that i'm not afraid to look at her. she is good to me and there's nothing she doesn't see. she knows where i'd like to be but it doesn't matter. i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.  now your dancing child with his chinese suit, he spoke to me, i took his flute. no, i wasn't very cute to him, was i? but i did it, though, because he lied because he took you for a ride and because time was on his side and because i  i want you, i want you, i want you so bad, honey, i want you.i'll remember you when i've forgotten all the rest you to me were true you to me were the best when there is no more you cut to the core quicker than anyone i knew when i'm all alone in the great unknown i'll remember you.  i'll remember you at the end of the trail i had so much left to do i had so little time to fail there's some people that you don't forget even though you've only seen 'em one time or two when the roses fade and i'm in the shade i'll remember you.  didn't i, didn't i try to love you? didn't i, didn't i try to care? didn't i sleep, didn't i weep beside you with the rain blowing in your hair.  i'll remember you when the wind blows through the piny wood it was you who came right through it was you who understood though i'd never say that i done it the way that you'd have liked me to in the end my dear sweet friend i'll remember you.well, i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round. while sailing 'round the ocean, while sailing 'round the sea i'd think of handsome molly wherever she might be. don't you remember, molly you gave me your right hand? you said whenever you'd marry i would be the man. but you broke your promise go with whom you please my poor heart is aching you are at your ease. i went to church last sunday molly came ridin' by i could tell her mind was changin' by the rovin' of her eye. i go down to the river though everyone's asleep i think of handsome molly an' i begin to weep. so i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round. fat man lookin' in a blade of steel thin man lookin' at his last meal hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield for dignity  wise man lookin' in a blade of grass young man lookin' in the shadows that pass poor man lookin' through painted glass for dignity  somebody got murdered on new year's eve somebody said dignity was the first to leave i went into the city, went into the town went into the land of the midnight sun  searchin' high, searchin' low searchin' everywhere i know askin' the cops wherever i go have you seen dignity?  blind man breakin' out of a trance puts both his hands in the pockets of chance hopin' to find one circumstance of dignity  i went to the wedding of mary-lou she said òi don't want nobody see me talkin' to youó said she could get killed if she told me what she knew about dignity  i went down where the vultures feed i would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men wasn't any difference to me  chilly wind sharp as a razor blade house on fire, debts unpaid gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid have you seen dignity?  drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears in a crowded room full of covered up mirrors lookin' into the lost forgotten years for dignity  met prince phillip at the home of the blues said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used he wanted money up front, said he was abused by dignity  footprints runnin' cross the silver sand steps goin' down into tattoo land i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light in the bordertowns of despair  got no place to fade, got no coat i'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat tryin' to read a note somebody wrote about dignity  sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure lookin' at his hands for the lines that were and into every masterpiece of literature for dignity  englishman stranded in the blackheart wind combin' his hair back, his future looks thin bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity  someone showed me a picture and i just laughed dignity never been photographed i went into the red, went into the black into the valley of dry bone dreams  so many roads, so much at stake so many dead ends, i'm at the edge of the lake sometimes i wonder what it's gonna take to find dignity  well, i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round. while sailing 'round the ocean, while sailing 'round the sea i'd think of handsome molly wherever she might be. don't you remember, molly you gave me your right hand? you said whenever you'd marry i would be the man. but you broke your promise go with whom you please my poor heart is aching you are at your ease. i went to church last sunday molly came ridin' by i could tell her mind was changin' by the rovin' of her eye. i go down to the river though everyone's asleep i think of handsome molly an' i begin to weep. so i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round.hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"  hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king peace on earth and mercy mild, god and sinners reconciled!" joyful, all ye nations rise, join the triumph of the skies, with angelic host proclaim "christ is born in bethlehem!" hark! the herald angels sing "glory to the newborn king!"buckets of rain buckets of tears got all them buckets comin' out of my ears. buckets of moonbeams in my hand, i got all the love, honey baby, you can stand.  i been meek and hard like an oak i seen pretty people disappear like smoke. friends will arrive, friends will disappear, if you want me, honey baby, i'll be here.  like your smile and your fingertips like the way that you move your lips. i like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery.  little red wagon little red bike i ain't no monkey but i know what i like. i like the way you love me strong and slow, i'm takin' you with me, honey baby, when i go.  life is sad life is a bust all ya can do is do what you must. you do what you must do and ya do it well, i'll do it for you, honey baby, can't you tell?i'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around  now i'm all used up and i kind of feel turned around ??  i went to church on sunday and she passed by  and my love for her is taking such a long time to die  god i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist  it's almost like, almost like i don't exist  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  there's a wall of pride high and wide,  can't see over to the other side  it's such a sad thing to see such? beauty/human? decay,  it's sadder still to feel your heart torn? away  one look at you and i'm out of control  like the universe has swallowed me whole  i'm 20 miles out of town and cold irons bound  there's too many people, too many to recall  i thought some of 'em were friends of mine  i was wrong about 'em all  well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud  up over my head nothing but clouds of blood  i found my own, i found my one in you  but your love just hasn't proved true  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons bound well the winds in chicago have turned me to shreds  reality has always had too many heads  some things last longer than you think they will  some kind of things you can never kill  it's you and you only i'm thinking about  but you can't see in, and it's hard looking out  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  well the fat's in the fire, and the water's in the tank  and the whiskey's in the jar, and the money's in the bank  i tried to love and protect you because i cared  i'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared  but looking at you and i'm on my bended knee  you have no idea what you do to me  i'm 20 miles out of town cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons boundthere's guns across the river aimin' at ya lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya billy, they don't like you to be so free.  campin' out all night on the berenda dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda up to boot hill they'd like to send ya billy, don't you turn your back on me.  playin' around with some sweet senorita into her dark hallway she will lead ya in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya billy, you're so far away from home.  there's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places bullet holes and scars between the spaces there's always one more notch and ten more paces billy, and you're walkin' all alone.  they say that pat garrett's got your number so sleep with one eye open when you slumber every little sound just might be thunder thunder from the barrel of his gun.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley, maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.  there's always some new stranger sneakin' glances some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances and some old whore from san pedro to make advances advances on your spirit and your soul.  the businessmen from taos want you to go down they've hired pat garrett to force a showdown. billy, don't it make ya feel so low-down to be shot down by the man who was your friend?  hang on to your woman if you got one remember in el paso, once, you shot one. she may have been a whore, but she was a hot one billy, you been runnin' for so long.  guitars will play your grand finale down in some tularosa alley maybe in the rio pecos valley billy, you're so far away from home.may god bless and keep you always  may your wishes all come true may you always do for others  and let others do for you may you build a ladder to the stars  and climb on every rung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may you grow up to be righteous  may you grow up to be true may you always know the truth  and see the lights surrounding you may you always be courageous  stand upright and be strong may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may your hands always be busy  may your feet always be swift may you have a strong foundation  when the winds of changes shift may your heart always be joyful  and may your song always be sung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.crash on the levee, mama, water's gonna overflow, swamp's gonna rise, no boat's gonna row. now, you can train on down to williams point, you can bust your feet, you can rock this joint. but oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  now, don't you try an' move me, you're just gonna lose. there's a crash on the levee and, mama, you've been refused. well, it's sugar for sugar and salt for salt, if you go down in the flood, it's gonna be your own fault. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.  well, that high tide's risin', mama, don't you let me down. pack up your suitcase, mama, don't you make a sound. now, it's king for king, queen for queen, it's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's seen. oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now? yes, you're gonna have to find yourself another best friend, somehow.there is a house down in new orleans they call the rising sun and it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.  my mother was a tailor she sowed these new blue jeans my sweetheart was a gambler, lord down in new orleans.  now the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk and the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.  he fills his glasses up to the brim and he'll pass the cards around and the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town.  oh tell my baby sister not to do what i have done but shun that house in new orleans they call the rising sun.  well it's one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train i'm going back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain.  i'm going back to new orleans my race is almost run i'm going back to end my life down in the rising sun.  there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun it's been the ruin of many poor girl and me, oh god, i'm one.been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams in another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed to some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  think i'll go out and go for a walk not much happening here, nothing ever does besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want to talk i got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever it was.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man see my face and lives.  took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race it goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face and see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the trck the world could come to an end tonight, bt that's all right she could still be there sleeping when i get back.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  noontime, and i'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, i can't stumble or stay put someone else is speaking with my mouth, but i'm listening with my heart i've made shoes for everyone, even you, while i go barefoot.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.oh, i'm sailin' away my own true love, i'm sailin' away in the morning. is there something i can send you from across the sea, from the place that i'll be landing?  no, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love, there's nothin' i wish to be ownin'. just carry yourself back to me unspoiled, from across that lonesome ocean.  oh, but i just thought you might want something fine made of silver or of golden, either from the mountains of madrid or from the coast of barcelona.  oh, but if i had the stars from the darkest night and the diamonds from the deepest ocean, i'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss, for that's all i'm wishin' to be ownin'.  that i might be gone a long time and it's only that i'm askin', is there something i can send you to remember me by, to make your time more easy passin'.  oh, how can, how can you ask me again, it only brings me sorrow. the same thing i want from you today, i would want again tomorrow.  i got a letter on a lonesome day, it was from her ship a-sailin', saying i don't know when i'll be comin' back again, it depends on how i'm a-feelin'.  well, if you, my love, must think that-a-way, i'm sure your mind is roamin'. i'm sure your heart is not with me, but with the country to where you're goin'.  so take heed, take heed of the western wind, take heed of the stormy weather. and yes, there's something you can send back to me, spanish boots of spanish leather.full moon and empty arms the moon is there for us to share but where are you?  a night like this could weave a memory and every kiss could start a dream for two  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with you  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with youi'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around  now i'm all used up and i kind of feel turned around ??  i went to church on sunday and she passed by  and my love for her is taking such a long time to die  god i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist  it's almost like, almost like i don't exist  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  there's a wall of pride high and wide,  can't see over to the other side  it's such a sad thing to see such? beauty/human? decay,  it's sadder still to feel your heart torn? away  one look at you and i'm out of control  like the universe has swallowed me whole  i'm 20 miles out of town and cold irons bound  there's too many people, too many to recall  i thought some of 'em were friends of mine  i was wrong about 'em all  well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud  up over my head nothing but clouds of blood  i found my own, i found my one in you  but your love just hasn't proved true  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons bound well the winds in chicago have turned me to shreds  reality has always had too many heads  some things last longer than you think they will  some kind of things you can never kill  it's you and you only i'm thinking about  but you can't see in, and it's hard looking out  i'm 20 miles out of town, cold irons bound  well the fat's in the fire, and the water's in the tank  and the whiskey's in the jar, and the money's in the bank  i tried to love and protect you because i cared  i'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared  but looking at you and i'm on my bended knee  you have no idea what you do to me  i'm 20 miles out of town cold irons bound  20 miles out of town, cold irons bounddon't ever try to change me  i been in this thing too long there's nothing you can say or do  to make me think i'm wrong well i'm going off to libya  there's guy i gotta see he's been living there three years now  in an oil refinery i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  call your ma in talahassee tell her her baby's on the line tell her not to worry everything is gonna be fine well i gave you all my money all my connections too there ain't nothing in this world girl you can say i didn't give to you i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up.  you will be alright girl someone's watching over you he won't do nothing to you baby that i wouldn't do well if you don't want to see me look the other way you don't have to feed me i ain't your dog that's gone astray i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up i've got my mind made up. i've got my mind made up.well, the lone ranger and tonto they are ridin' down the line fixin' ev'rybody's troubles ev'rybody's 'cept mine somebody musta tol' 'em that i was doin' fine  oh you five and ten cent women with nothin' in your heads i got a real gal i'm lovin' and lord i'll love her till i'm dead go away from my door and my window too right now  lord, i ain't goin' down to no race track see no sports car run i don't have no sports car and i don't even care to have one i can walk anytime around the block  well, the wind keeps a-blowin' me up and down the street with my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet watch out so you don't step on me  well, lookit here buddy you want to be like me pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see tell the judge i said it was all right yes!you been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe, but you're back where you belong. go get me my pistol, babe, honey, i can't tell right from wrong.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  go down to the river, babe, honey, i will meet you there. go down to the river, babe, honey, i will pay your fare.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  if you're looking for assistance, babe, or if you just want some company or if you just want a friend you can talk to, honey, come and see about me.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  you been hurt so many times and i know what you're thinking of. well, i don't have to be no doctor, babe, to see that you're madly in love.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.i can hear the turning of the key i've been deceived by the clown inside of me. i thought that he was righteous but he's vain oh, something's a-telling me i wear the ball and chain.  my patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost he's always off somewhere when i need him most. the spanish moon is rising on the hill but my heart is a-tellin' me i love ya still.  i come back to the town from the flaming moon i see you in the streets, i begin to swoon. i love to see you dress before the mirror won't you let me in your room one time 'fore i finally disappear?  everybody's wearing a disguise to hide what they've got left behind their eyes. but me, i can't cover what i am wherever the children go i'll follow them.  i march in the parade of liberty but as long as i love you i'm not free. how long must i suffer such abuse won't you let me see you smile one time before i turn you loose?  i've given up the game, i've got to leave, the pot of gold is only make-believe. the treasure can't be found by men who search whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.  we sat in an empty theater and we kissed, i asked ya please to cross me off-a your list. my head tells me it's time to make a change but my heart is telling me i love ya but you're strange.  one more time at midnight, near the wall take off your heavy make-up and your shawl. won't you descend from the throne, from where you sit? let me feel your love one more time before i abandon it.everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust adjust to what, a dream that bust?  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said what's up is down, they said what isn't is they put ideas in his head that he thought were his.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made him a killer that's what they did.  he was on the basketball team, he was in the marching band when he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  they said, "listen boy, you're just a pup" they sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up.  they gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills a jeep to drive, blood to spill.  they said, "congratulation, you got what it takes" they sent him back into the race without any brakes.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he bought the american dream but put it in doubt only game he could play was russian roulette.  he drank coca-cola, he was eating wonder bread he ate burger kings, he was well fed.  he went to hollywood to see peter o'toole he stole a rolls royce and drove in a pool.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  he could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar he could've been an accountant or a tennis star.  he was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day off the golden gate bridge into china bay.  his mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans they gotta sleep together in a home they don't own.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.  everybody's asking why he didn't adjust all he wanted was somebody to trust.  they took his head and turned it inside out he never did know what it was all about.  he had a steady job, he joined the choir he never did plan to walk the high wire.  they took a clean-cut kid and they made a killer out of him that's what they did.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe it don't matter, anyhow an' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe if you don't know by now when your rooster crows at the break of dawn look out your window and i'll be gone you're the reason i'm trav'lin' on don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe that light i never knowed an' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe i'm on the dark side of the road still i wish there was somethin' you would do or say to try and make me change my mind and stay we never did too much talkin' anyway so don't think twice, it's all right  it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal like you never did before it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal i can't hear you any more i'm a-thinkin' and a-wond'rin' all the way down the road i once loved a woman, a child i'm told i give her my heart but she wanted my soul but don't think twice, it's all right  i'm walkin' down that long, lonesome road, babe where i'm bound, i can't tell but goodbye's too good a word, gal so i'll just say fare thee well i ain't sayin' you treated me unkind you could have done better but i don't mind you just kinda wasted my precious time but don't think twice, it's all righti married isis on the fifth day of may but i could not hold on to her very long so i cut off my hair and i rode straight away for the wild unknown country where i could not go wrong.  i came to a high place of darkness and light the dividing line ran through the center of town i hitched up my pony to a post on the right went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.  a man in the corner approached me for a match i knew right away he was not ordinary he said "are you looking for something easy to catch ?" i said "i got no money". he said "that ain't necessary".  we set out that night for the cold in the north i gave him my blanket he gave me his word i said "where are we going ?" he said "we'd be back by the fourth" i said "that's the best new that i've ever heard".  i was thinking about turquoise i was thinking about gold i was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace as we rode through the canyons through the devilish cold i was thinking about isis how she thought i was so reckless.  how she told me that one day we meet up again and things would be different the next time we wed if i only could hang on and just be her friend i still can't remember all the best things she said.  we came to the pyramids all embedded in ice he said "there's a body i'm trying to find if i carry it out it'll bring a good prize" it was then that i knew what he had on his mind.  the wind it was howling and the snow was outrageous we chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn when he died i was hoping that it wasn't contagious but i made up my mind that i had to go on. i broke into the tomb but the casket was empty there was no jewels no nothing i felt i'd been had when i saw that my partner was just being friendly when i took up his offer i must-a been mad.   i picked up his body and i dragged him inside threw him down in the hole and i put back the cover i said a quick prayer and i felt satisfied then i rode back to find isis just to tell her i love her.  she was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise blinded by sleep and in need of a bed i came in from the east with the sun in my eyes i cursed her one time then i rode on ahead.  she said "where ya been ?" i said "no place special ?" she said "you look different" i said "well i guess" she said "you been gone" i said "that's only natural" she said "you gonna stay ?" i said "if you want me to, yeah ".  isis oh isis you mystical child what drives me to you is what drives me insane i still can remember the way that you smiled on the fifth day of may in the drizzling rain.hollis brown he lived on the outside of town hollis brown he lived on the outside of town with his wife and five children and his cabin brokin' down.  you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile you looked for work and money and you walked a rugged mile your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile.  your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve your baby's eyes look crazy they're a-tuggin' at your sleeve you walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe.  the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare the rats have got your flour bad blood it got your mare if there's anyone that knows is there anyone that cares ?  you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend you prayed to the lord above oh please send you a friend your empty pocket tell you that you ain't a-got no friend.  your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your babies are crying louder now it's pounding on your brain your wife's screams are stabbin' you like the dirty drivin' rain.  your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your grass is turning black there's no water in your well your spent your last lone dollar on seven shotgun shels.  way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls your eyes fix on the shortgun that's hangin' on the wall.  your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your brain is a-bleedin' and your legs can't seem to stand your eyes fix on the shortgun that you're holdin' in your hand.  there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door there's seven breezes a-blowin' all around the cabin door seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar.  there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm there's seven people dead on a south dakota farm somewhere in the distance there's seven new people born.well i'm lookin' the world over looking far off into the east and i see my baby comin' she's walking with the village beast i feel a change comin' on and the last part of the day's already gone  we got so much in common we strive for the same old ends and i just can't wait wait for us to become friends i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well life is for love and they say that love is blind if you wanna live easy baby, pack your clothes with mine i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well now what's the use in dreaming you got better things to do dreams never did work for me anyway even when they did come true  you are as porous as ever baby you can start a fire i must be losing my mind you're the object of my desire i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  i'm listening to billy joe shaver and i'm reading james joyce some people they tell me i got the blood of the land in my voice  everybody got all the money everybody got all the beautiful clothes everybody got all the flowers i don't have one single rose i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gonethe cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down. he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.  the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep. she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin' her deep.  [bridge #1:] the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.  the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump. the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump. back alley sally is doing the american jump.  [bridge #2:] the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news. his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.  the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull the night is so long and the table is oh, so full  [bridge #3:] the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door. the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.  the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.seen the arrow on the doorpost saying, "this land is condemned all the way from new orleans to jerusalem." i traveled through east texas where many martyrs fell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, i heard the hoot owl singing as they were taking down the tents the stars above the barren trees were his only audience them charcoal gypsy maidens can strut their feathers well but nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  see them big plantations burning hear the cracking of the whips smell that sweet magnolia blooming (and) see the ghosts of slavery ships i can hear them tribes a-moaning (i can) hear the undertaker's bell (yeah), nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  there's a woman by the river with some fine young handsome man he's dressed up like a squire bootlegged whiskey in his hand there's a chain gang on the highway i can hear them rebels yell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, god is in heaven and we all want what's his but power and greed and corruptible seed seem to be all that there is i'm gazing out the window of the st. james hotel and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctelli was born in dixie in a boomer shack just a little shanty by the railroad track freight train was it taught me how to cry hummin' of the driver was my lullaby i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go baby, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, my daddy was a fireman and my old ma here, she was the only daughter of the engineer my sweetheart loved a brakeman and it ain't no joke it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go oh mama, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, the only thing that makes me laugh again is a southbound whistle on a southbound train every place i want to go i never can go, because you know i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" mary wore three links of chain every link was jesus name keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  mary, mark, luke and john all these prophets are dead and gone keep your hand on that plow, hold on  oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.  well, i've never been to heaven but i've been told streets up there are lined with gold keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on oh lord, oh lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.gonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna put my good foot forward, and stop being influenced by fools.  so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. sons becoming husbands to their mothers, and old men turning young daughters into whores.  stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. swords piercing your side, blood and water flowing through the land.  well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. you remember only about the brass ring, you forget all about the golden rule.  you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. but there's only one authority, and that's the authority on high.  i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. she can do the georgia crawl, she can walk in the spirit of the lord.  jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." he said, "he who is not for me is against me," just so you know where he's coming from.  there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. well the lord created it, mister, about the same time he made the earth.i can't wait  wait for you to change my mind  it's late  i'm tryin' to walk the line   well it's way past midnight  and there's some people all around  some on their way up  some on their way down   the air burns and i'm tryin to think straight  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm your man  i've tried to recover the sweet love that we knew   you understand  that my heart can't go on beating without you  well your loveliness has wounded me  i'm reeling from the blow   i wish i knew what it was that keeps me loving you so  i'm breathin' hard standin' at the gate  and i don't know how much longer i can wait  skies are gray   i'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow  night or day  it doesn't matter where i go anymore i just go  if i ever saw you comin' i don't know what i might do   i'd like to think i could control myself  but it isn't true  that's how it is  when things disintegrate   and i don't know how much longer i can wait  i'm doomed to love you  i been rollin' through stormy weather  i'm thinkin' of you   and all the places we could roam together  it's mighty funny  the end of time has just begun  oh honey, after all these years you're still the one   well i'm strollin' through the lonely graveyard of my mind  i left my life with you  somewhere back there along the line  i thought somehow that i would be spared this day   i don't know how much longer i can waitgo 'way from my window leave at your own chosen speed i'm not the one you want, babe i'm not the one you need you say you're lookin' for someone who's never weak but always strong to protect you an' defend you whether you are right or wrong someone to open each and every door but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go lightly from the ledge, babe go lightly on the ground i'm not the one you want, babe i will only let your down you say you're lookin' for someone who will promise never to part someone to close his eyes for you someone to close his heart someone who will die for you an' more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.  go melt back into the night everything inside is made of stone there's nothing in here moving an' anyway i'm not alone you say you're looking for someone who'll pick you up each time you fall to gather flowers constantly an' to come each time you call a lover for you life an' nothing more but it ain't me, babe no, no, no, it ain't me, babe it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.i once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze. with the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn. i courted her proudly but now she is gone, gone as the season she's taken.  through young summer's breeze, i stole her away from her mother and sister, though close did they stay. each one of them suffering from the failures of their day, with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.  of the two sisters, i loved the young. with sensitive instincts, she was the creative one. the constant scapegoat, she was easily undone by the jealousy of others around her.  for her parasite sister, i had no respect, bound by her boredom, her pride to protect. countless visions of the other she'd reflect as a crutch for her scenes and her society.  myself, for what i did, i cannot be excused, the changes i was going through can't even be used, for the lies that i told her in hopes not to lose the could-be dream-lover of my lifetime.  with unknown consciousness, i possessed in my grip a magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped, noticing not that i'd already slipped to a sin of love's false security.  from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace, answers of emptiness, voice vacancies, till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but, "please, what's wrong and what's exactly the matter?"  and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen, the timeless explosion of fantasy's dream. at the peak of the night, the king and the queen tumbled all down into pieces.  "the tragic figure!" her sister did shout, "leave her alone, god damn you, get out!" and i in my armor, turning about and nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness.  beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound her sister and i in a screaming battleground. and she in between, the victim of sound, soon shattered as a child 'neath her shadows.  all is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight. i gagged twice, doubled, tears blinding my sight. my mind it was mangled, i ran into the night leaving all of love's ashes behind me.  the wind knocks my window, the room it is wet. the words to say i'm sorry, i haven't found yet. i think of her often and hope whoever she's met will be fully aware of how precious she is.  ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me, "how good, how good does it feel to be free?" and i answer them most mysteriously, "are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"you may be an ambassador to england or france, you may like to gamble, you might like to dance, you may be the heavyweight champion of the world, you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls  [chorus:] but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed you're gonna have to serve somebody, well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord  but you're gonna have to serve somebody.  you might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage, you might have drugs at your command, women in a cage, you may be a business man or some high degree thief,  they may call you doctor or they may call you chief  [chorus:]  you may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk, you may be the head of some big tv network, you may be rich or poor,  you may be blind or lame,  you may be living in another country under another name  [chorus:]  you may be a construction worker working on a home, you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome, you might own guns and you might even own tanks, you might be somebody's landlord, you might even own banks  [chorus:]  you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride, you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side, you may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair, you may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir  [chorus:]  might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk, might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk, you might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,  you may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed  [chorus:]  you may call me terry, you may call me timmy, you may call me bobby, you may call me zimmy, you may call me r.j., you may call me ray,  you may call me anything but no matter what you say  [chorus:]someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press whoever it is i wish they'd cut it out but when they will i can only guess. they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy, she inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me. i can't help it if i'm lucky.  people see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts. even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at, i couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that sweet lady.  idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth, blowing down the back roads headin' south. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike i haven't known peace and quiet for so long i can't remember what it's like. there's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door, you didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the wars after losin' every battle.  i woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see stars. you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies. one day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes, blood on your saddle.  idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb, blowing through the curtains in your room. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart you tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart. now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped, what's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top you're on the bottom.  i noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind i can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine. the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building  burned. i waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the springtime  turned slowly into autumn.  idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull, from the grand coulee dam to the capitol. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i can't feel you anymore, i can't even touch the books you've read every time i crawl past your door, i been wishin' i was somebody else instead. down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy, i followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory and all your ragin' glory.  i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i'm finally free, i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me. you'll never know the hurt i suffered nor the pain i rise above, and i'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love, and it makes me feel so sorry.  idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats, blowing through the letters that we wrote. idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves, we're idiots, babe. it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.you been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe, but you're back where you belong. go get me my pistol, babe, honey, i can't tell right from wrong.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  go down to the river, babe, honey, i will meet you there. go down to the river, babe, honey, i will pay your fare.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  if you're looking for assistance, babe, or if you just want some company or if you just want a friend you can talk to, honey, come and see about me.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.  you been hurt so many times and i know what you're thinking of. well, i don't have to be no doctor, babe, to see that you're madly in love.  baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying baby, please stop crying. you know, i know, the sun will always shine so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.i'll remember you when i've forgotten all the rest you to me were true you to me were the best when there is no more you cut to the core quicker than anyone i knew when i'm all alone in the great unknown i'll remember you.  i'll remember you at the end of the trail i had so much left to do i had so little time to fail there's some people that you don't forget even though you've only seen 'em one time or two when the roses fade and i'm in the shade i'll remember you.  didn't i, didn't i try to love you? didn't i, didn't i try to care? didn't i sleep, didn't i weep beside you with the rain blowing in your hair.  i'll remember you when the wind blows through the piny wood it was you who came right through it was you who understood though i'd never say that i done it the way that you'd have liked me to in the end my dear sweet friend i'll remember you.the jingle bells are jingling the streets are white with snow the happy crowds are mingling but there's no one that i know  i'm sure that you'll forgive me if i don't enthuse i guess i've got the christmas blues  i've done my window shopping there's not a store i've missed but what's the use of stopping when there's no one on your list  you'll know the way i'm feeling when you love and you lose i guess i've got the christmas blues  when somebody wants you somebody needs you christmas is a joy of joys but friends when you're lonely you'll find that it's only a thing for little girls and little boys  may all your days be merry your seasons full of cheer but 'til it's january i'll just go and disappear oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes  but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas blues  oh santa may have brought you some stars for your shoes but santa only brought me the blues those brightly packaged tinsel covered christmas bluesthere's a whole lot of people suffering tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people struggling tonight from the disease of conceit comes right down the highway straight down the line rips into your senses through your body and your mind nothing about it that's sweet the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of hearts shaking tonight from the disease of conceit steps into your eats into your soul over your senses you have no control ain't nothing too discreet about the disease of conceit.  there's a whole lot of people dying tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people crying tonight from the disease of conceit comes right out of nowhere and you're down for the count from the outside world the pressure will mount turn you into a piece of meat the disease of conceit.  conceit is the disease that the doctors got no cure they've done a lot of research on it but what it is they're still not sure.  there's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight from the disease of conceit whole lot of people seeing trouble tonight fro the disease of conceit give you delusions of grandeur an evil eye give you the idea that you're too good to die the they bury you from head to feet from the disease of conceit.in the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand and an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand i'm a long way from home and i miss my loved one so in the early morning rain with nowhere to go.  cut on runway number nine, big 707 set to go i'm stuck here on the ground, where the cold winds blow the liquor tasted good and the women all were fast there she goes, my friend, she's rolling down at last.  hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high she's away and westward bound, far above the clouds she'll fly where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines she'll be flying over my home in about three hours time.  this old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me because i'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunks as i might be you can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train so i'd best be on my way in the early morning rain.i ain't lookin' to compete with you, beat or cheat or mistreat you, simplify you, classify you, deny, defy or crucify you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  no, and i ain't lookin' to fight with you, frighten you or uptighten you, drag you down or drain you down, chain you down or bring you down. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i ain't lookin' to block you up shock or knock or lock you up, analyze you, categorize you, finalize you or advertise you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to straight-face you, race or chase you, track or trace you, or disgrace you or displace you, or define you or confine you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to meet your kin, make you spin or do you in, or select you or dissect you, or inspect you or reject you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to fake you out, take or shake or forsake you out, i ain't lookin' for you to feel like me, see like me or be like me. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]i dreamed i saw st. augustine alive as you or me tearing through these quarters in the utmost misery with a blanket underneath his arm and a coat of solid gold searching for the very souls whom already have been sold.  "arise, arise", he cried so loud with a voice without restraint "come out ye gifted kings and queens and hear my sad complaint no martyr is among ye now whom you can call your own so go on your way accordingly but know you're not alone".  i dreamed i saw st. augustine alive with fiery breath and i dreamed i was amongst the ones that put him out to death oh, i awoke in anger so alone and terrified i put my fingers against the glass and bowed my head and cried.in the chilly hours and minutes of uncertainty,  i want to be in the warm heart of your loving mind.  to feel you all around me,  and to take your hand along the sand,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when sundown pales the sky,  i want to hide a while behind your smile,  and everywhere i look your eyes i find.  for me to love you now, would be the sweetest thing,  t'would make me sing,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  when rain has hung the leaves with tears,  i want you near, to kill my fears,  to help me to leave all my blues behind.  standing in your heart is where i want to be  and long to be,  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.  ah, but i may as well try and catch the wind.i can't understand, she let go of my hand an' left me here facing the wall i'd sure like to know, why she did go but i can't get close to her at all though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime she said she would never forget but now morning is clear, it's like i ain't here she acts like we never met it's all new to me like some mystery it could even be like a myth yet it's hard to think on that she's the same one that last night i was with from darkness, dreams are deserted am i still dreamin' yet? i wish she'd unlock her voice once an' talk 'stead of acting like we never met if she ain't feelin' well then why don't she tell 'stead of turnin' her back to my face? without any doubt, she seems too far out for me to return to her chase though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played her mouth was watery and wet but now something has changed for she ain't the same she just acts like we never have met if i didn't have to guess, i'd gladly confess to anything i might've tried if i was with her too long or have done something wrong i'd wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide though the night ran swirling an' whirling i remember her whispering yet but evidently she don't, evidently she won't she just acts like we never have met i'm leavin' today, i'll be on my way of this i can't say very much but if you want me to, i can be just like you an' pretend that we never have touched an' if anybody asks me, "is it easy to forget?" i'll say, "it's easily done you just pick anyone an' pretend that you never have met" dear landlord, please don't put a price on my soul. my burden is heavy, my dreams are beyond control. when that steamboat whistle blows, i'm gonna give you all i got to give, and i do hope you receive it well, dependin' on the way you feel that you live.  dear landlord, please heed these words that i speak. i know you've suffered much, but in this you are not so unique. all of us, at times, we might work too hard to have it too fast and too much, and anyone can fill his life up with things he can see but he just cannot touch.  dear landlord, please don't dismiss my case. i'm not about to argue, i'm not about to move to no other place. now, each of us has his own special gift and you know this was meant to be true, and if you don't underestimate me, i won't underestimate you.they ask me how i feel and if my love is real and how i know i'll make it through and they, they look at me and frown they'd like to drive me from this town they don't want me around 'cause i believe in you.  they show me to the door they say don't come back no more 'cause i don't be like they'd like me to and i, i walk out on my own a thousand miles from home but i don't feel alone 'cause i believe in you.  i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter i believe in you even though we be apart i believe in you even on the morning after oh, when the dawn is nearing oh, when the night is disappearing oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  don't let me drift too far keep me where you are where i will always be renewed and that which you've given me today is worth more than i could pay and no matter what they say i believe in you.  i believe in you when winter turn to summer i believe in you when white turn to black i believe in you even though i be outnumbered oh, though the earth may shake me oh, though my friends forsake me oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  don't let me change my heart keep me set apart from all the plans they do pursue and i, i don't mind the pain don't mind the driving rain i know i will sustain 'cause i believe in you.i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you know the smile on her lips the thrill an' the touch of her fingertips but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you think you'll find a heaven of bliss in each caress in each tender kiss but i forgot more than you'll ever know about her  you stole her love from me one day you didn't care how it hurt me but you can never steal away memories of what used to be you think she's yours to have and to hold someday you'll learn when her love grows cold but i forgot more than you'll ever know about herain't no more cane on the brazos oh, oh, oh, oh... its all been ground down to molasses oh, oh- oh, oh- oh...  you shoulda been on the river in 1910 they were driving the women just like they drove the men.  go down old hannah, don'cha rise no more don't you rise up til judgment day's for sure  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses  captain, don't you do me like you done poor old shine well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind  wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead  ain't no more cane on the brazos its all been ground down to molasses.i'm old tom moore from the bummer's shore in that good old golden days they call me a bummer and a gin shot too, but what cares i for praise ? i wander around from town to town just like a roving sign and all the people say, "there goes tom moore, in the days of '49" in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  my comrades they all loved me well, a jolly saucy crew a few hard cases i will recall though they all were brave and true whatever the pitch they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine like good old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was new york jake, the butcher boy, he was always getting tight and every time that he'd get full he was spoiling for a fight but jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old bob stein and over jake they held a wake in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was poker bill, one of the boys who was always in a game whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same he would ante up and draw his cards and he would you go a hatful blind in the game with death bill lost his breath, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  there was ragshag bill from buffalo, i never will forget he would roar all day and he'd roar all night and i guess he's roaring yet one day he fell in a prospect hole, in a roaring bad design and in that hole he roared out his soul, in the days of '49 in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.  of the comrades all that i've had, there's none that's left to boast and i'm left alone in my misery like some poor wandering ghost and i pass by from town to town, they call me a rambling sign "there goes tom moore, a bummer shore in the days of '49 " in the days of old, in the days of gold how oft' times i repine for the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.well, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.well, i had to go down and see a guy named mr. goldsmith a nasty, dirty, double-crossin', back-stabbin' phony i didn't want to have to be dealin' with but i did it for you and all you gave me was a smile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i don't carry dead weight - i'm no flash in the pan all right, i'll set you straight, can't you see i'm a union man? i'm lettin' the cat out of the cage, i'm keeping a low profile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  feel like a fighting rooster - feel better than i ever felt but the pennsylvania line's in an awful mess and the denver road is about to melt i went to the church house, every day i go an extra mile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  last night 'cross the alley there was a pounding on the walls it must have been don pasquale makin' a two a.m. booty call to break a trusting heart like mine was just your style well, i cried for you - now it's your turn to cry awhile  i'm on the fringes of the night, fighting back tears that i can't control some people they ain't human, they got no heart or soul well, i'm crying to the lord - i'm tryin' to be meek and mild yes, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, there's preachers in the pulpits and babies in the cribs i'm longin' for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs i'm gonna buy me a barrel of whiskey - i'll die before i turn senile well, i cried for you - now it's your turn, you can cry awhile  well, you bet on a horse and it ran on the wrong way i always said you'd be sorry and today could be the day i might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial well, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhilethey say evrything can be replaced, yet every distance is not near. so i remember every face of every man who put me here. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  they say every man needs protection, they say every man must fall. yet i swear i see my reflection some place so high above this wall. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.  standing next to me in this lonely crowd, is a man who swears he's not to blame. all day long i hear him shout so loud, crying out that he was framed. i see my light come shining from the west onto the east. any day now, any day how, i shall be released.i was born in dixie in a boomer shack just a little shanty by the railroad track freight train was it taught me how to cry hummin' of the driver was my lullaby i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go baby, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, my daddy was a fireman and my old ma here, she was the only daughter of the engineer my sweetheart loved a brakeman and it ain't no joke it's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes and when the whistle blows i gotta go oh mama, don't you know well, it looks like i'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.  well, the only thing that makes me laugh again is a southbound whistle on a southbound train every place i want to go i never can go, because you know i got the freight train blues oh lord mama, i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes.full moon and empty arms the moon is there for us to share but where are you?  a night like this could weave a memory and every kiss could start a dream for two  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with you  full moon and empty arms tonight i'll use the magic moon to wish upon and next full moon if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with youbessie was more than just a friend of mine we shared the good times with the bad now many a year has passed me by i still recall the best thing i ever had  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now all the crazy things i had to try well i tried them all and then some but if you're lucky one day you find out where it is you're really comin' from  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  now in my day i've made some foolish moves but back then, i didn't worry 'bout a thing and now again i still wonder to myself was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  there's so much time has gone right on by i didn't think one could be so wrong and then one night i was drinkin' and a-thinkin' in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie's face so strong  i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie oh, see her soon goin' down the road t' see bessie smith when i get there i wonder what she'll do  when she sees me will she know what i've been through? will old times start to feelin' like new? when i get there will our love still feel so true? yet all i have, i'll be a-bringin' it to you oh bessie, sing them old-time bluesof war and peace the truth just twists its curfew gull just glides upon four-legged forest clouds the cowboy angel rides with his candle lit into the sun though its glow is waxed in black all except when 'neath the trees of eden  the lamppost stands with folded arms its iron claws attached to curbs 'neath holes where babies wail though it shadows metal badge all and all can only fall with a crashing but meaningless blow no sound ever comes from the gates of eden  the savage soldier sticks his head in sand and then complains unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf but still remains upon the beach where hound dogs bay at ships with tattooed sails heading for the gates of eden  with a time-rusted compass blade aladdin and his lamp sits with utopian hermit monks side saddle on the golden calf and on their promises of paradise you will not hear a laugh all except inside the gates of eden  relationships of ownership they whisper in the wings to those condemned to act accordingly and wait for succeeding kings and i try to harmonize with songs the lonesome sparrow sings there are no kings inside the gates of eden  the motorcycle black madonna two-wheeled gypsy queen and her silver-studded phantom cause the gray flannel dwarf to scream as he weeps to wicked birds of prey who pick up on his bread crumb sins and there are no sins inside the gates of eden  the kingdoms of experience in the precious wind they rot while paupers change possessions each one wishing for what the other has got and the princess and the prince discuss what's real and what is not it doesn't matter inside the gates of eden  the foreign sun, it squints upon a bed that is never mine as friends and other strangers from their fates try to resign leaving men wholly, totally free to do anything they wish to do but die and there are no trials inside the gates of eden  at dawn my lover comes to me and tells me of her dreams with no attempts to shovel the glimpse into the ditch of what each one means at times i think there are no words but these to tell what's true and there are no truths outside the gates of edeni was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land i yelled down to captain arab, i'll have ya understand, who came running to the deck and said "boys! forget the whale - we're goin' over yonder. cut the engines. change the sails." "haul on that bowline!" we sang that melody, like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.  "i think i'll call it america." i said as we hit land. i took a deep breath. i fell down, i could not stand. captain arab he starting writing out some deeds and said "let's build us a fort and start buying the place with beads.? just then a cop come down the street crazy as a loon and throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons.  aw, me, i busted out - don't even ask me how, i went lookin' for some help, i walked past a guernsey cow who directed me down to the bowery slums where people carried signs around sayin' "ban the bums!". i jumped right in line, sayin' "i hope that i'm not late" when i realized i hadn't eaten for five days straight.  i went into a restaurant lookin' for the cook - i told him i was the editor of a famous etiquette book. the waiter he was handsome and he wore a powder blue cape. i ordered up some suzette, i said "could you please make that crepe?" just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat - food was flyin' everywhere - i left without my hat.  i didn't mean to be nosy so i went into a bank to try to get some bail for the boys back in the tank. they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants. they threw me in the alley, when up comes this girl from france who invited me to her place. i went, but she had a friend who knocked me out an' robbed my boots an' was i on the street again.  i went up to a big house with a u.s. flag upon display. i said "can you please help me out, i got some friends down the way." the man said "get out of here or i'll tear you limb from limb." i said "you know, they refused jesus, too." he said "you're not him. get out of here before i break your bones. i'm not your pop." i decided to have him arrested and went looking for a cop.  i ran back outside and got into a cab i ran out the other door - this english man said "fab!" as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood. i ran right through the door like a hobo sailor does, but it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who i was i repeated that all my friends were in jail, with a sigh. he gave me his card and said "call me if they die." i shook his hand and said goodbye and went back out on the street, when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet. a pay phone was ringin' - and it just about blew my mind - when i picked it up an' said "hello", this foot came through the line!  well about this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at gettin' any help for my friends and captain arab. i needed a coin to flip, like either heads or tails, would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail. so i hocked my sailor's suit an' i got a coin to flip. it came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so i made it back to the ship.  well i got back and took the parking ticket off the mast. i was ripping it to shreds when this coast guard boat went past. they asked me my name and i said "captain kidd". they believed me but they wanted to know exactly what i did. i said "for the pope of eyruke i was employed" they let me go right away, they were very paranoid.  well the last i heard of arab he was stuck on the side of a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail, but the funniest thing was - as i was leavin' the bay - i saw three ships sailing and they were all headed my way. so i asked the captain what his name was an' how come he didn't drive a truck?? he said his name was columbus an' i just said "good luck..."don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly.  i went down to the river on a saturday morn a-lookin' around just to see who's born i found a little chicken down on his knees i went up and yelled to him "please, please, please" he said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  i went down to the corner at a-half past ten i's lookin' around, i wouldn't say when i looked down low, i looked above and who did i see but the one i love she said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".   now, i went down to the beanery at half past twelve a-lookin' around just to see myself i spotted a horse and a donkey too i looked for a cow and i saw me a few the said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  now, i went down to the pumphouse the other night a-lookin around, it was outa sight i looked high and low for that big ol' tree i did go upstairs but i didn't see nobody but me i said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".my name is donald white, you see, i stand before you all. i was judged by you a murderer and the hangman's knot must fall. i will die upon the gallows pole when the moon is shining clear, and these are my final words that you will ever hear.  i left my home in kansas when i was very young, i landed in the old northwest, seattle, washington although i'd a-traveled many miles, i never made a friend, for i could never get along in life with people that i met.  if i had some education to give me a decent start, i might have been a doctor or a master in the arts. but i used my hands for stealing when i was very young, and they locked me down in jailhouse cells, that's how my life begun.  oh, the inmates and the prisoners, i found they were my kind, and it was there inside the bars i found my peace of mind. but the jails they were too crowded, institutions overflowed, so they turned me loose to walk upon life's hurried tangled road.  and there's danger on the ocean where the salt sea waves split high, and there's danger on the battlefield where the shells of bullets fly, and there's danger in this open world where men strive to be free, and for me the greatest danger was in society.  so i asked them to send me back to the institution home. but they said they were too crowded, for me they had no room. i got down on my knees and begged, "oh, please put me away," but they would not listen to my plea or nothing i would say.  and so it was on christmas eve in the year of '59, it was on that night i killed a man, i did not try to hide, the jury found me guilty and i won't disagree, for i knew that it would happen if i wasn't put away.  and i'm glad i've had no parents to care for me or cry, for now they will never know the horrible death i die. and i'm also glad i've had no friends to see me in disgrace, for they'll never see that hangman's hood wrap around my face.  farewell unto the old north woods of which i used to roam, farewell unto the crowded bars of which've been my home, farewell to all you people who think the worst of me, i guess you'll feel much better when i'm on that hanging tree.  but there's just one question before they kill me dead, i'm wondering just how much to you i really said concerning all the boys that come down a road like me, are they enemies or victims of your society?the light in this place is really bad like being in the bottom of a stream any minute now i'm expecting to wake up from a dream miss so much the softest touch like the grave of some child child who neither wept nor smiled i'm hiding my faith in the rain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  somewhere dawn is breaking light is streaking across the floor church bells are ringing i wonder who they're ringing for travel under any star you'll see me wherever you are  the shadowy past is so vague and so vast i'm sleeping in the balance of pain i've been dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  maybe they'll get me maybe they won't but whatever it won't be tonight i wish your hand was in mine right now we could go where the moon is wide  for years they had me locked in a cage then they threw me onto the stage somethings just last longer then you thought they would and they never ever explain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do and it's driving me insane  well i eat when i'm hungry drink when i'm dry live my life on the square even if the flesh falls off my face it won't matter as long as you're there  feel like a ghost in love underneath the heavens above feel further away then i ever did before feel further than i can take dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insane  everything in the way is so shy like the day in queer and unusual form spirals of golden haze here in there in a blaze like beams of light in a star  maybe you're here or maybe you weren't maybe you touched somebody and got burned the silent sun has got me on the run burning a hole in my brain i'm dreamin' of you that's all i do but it's driving me insanehow'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to spend the holiday away across the sea? how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to hang a stocking on a great big coconut tree?  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true on christmas island your dreams come truemy name is donald white, you see, i stand before you all. i was judged by you a murderer and the hangman's knot must fall. i will die upon the gallows pole when the moon is shining clear, and these are my final words that you will ever hear.  i left my home in kansas when i was very young, i landed in the old northwest, seattle, washington although i'd a-traveled many miles, i never made a friend, for i could never get along in life with people that i met.  if i had some education to give me a decent start, i might have been a doctor or a master in the arts. but i used my hands for stealing when i was very young, and they locked me down in jailhouse cells, that's how my life begun.  oh, the inmates and the prisoners, i found they were my kind, and it was there inside the bars i found my peace of mind. but the jails they were too crowded, institutions overflowed, so they turned me loose to walk upon life's hurried tangled road.  and there's danger on the ocean where the salt sea waves split high, and there's danger on the battlefield where the shells of bullets fly, and there's danger in this open world where men strive to be free, and for me the greatest danger was in society.  so i asked them to send me back to the institution home. but they said they were too crowded, for me they had no room. i got down on my knees and begged, "oh, please put me away," but they would not listen to my plea or nothing i would say.  and so it was on christmas eve in the year of '59, it was on that night i killed a man, i did not try to hide, the jury found me guilty and i won't disagree, for i knew that it would happen if i wasn't put away.  and i'm glad i've had no parents to care for me or cry, for now they will never know the horrible death i die. and i'm also glad i've had no friends to see me in disgrace, for they'll never see that hangman's hood wrap around my face.  farewell unto the old north woods of which i used to roam, farewell unto the crowded bars of which've been my home, farewell to all you people who think the worst of me, i guess you'll feel much better when i'm on that hanging tree.  but there's just one question before they kill me dead, i'm wondering just how much to you i really said concerning all the boys that come down a road like me, are they enemies or victims of your society?may god bless and keep you always  may your wishes all come true may you always do for others  and let others do for you may you build a ladder to the stars  and climb on every rung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may you grow up to be righteous  may you grow up to be true may you always know the truth  and see the lights surrounding you may you always be courageous  stand upright and be strong may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.  may your hands always be busy  may your feet always be swift may you have a strong foundation  when the winds of changes shift may your heart always be joyful  and may your song always be sung may you stay forever young forever young, forever young  may you stay forever young.once upon a time you dressed so fine threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you? people call say 'beware doll, you're bound to fall' you thought they were all kidding you you used to laugh about everybody that was hanging out now you don't talk so loud now you don't seem so proud about having to be scrounging your next meal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be without a home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh you've gone to the finest schools, alright miss lonely but you know you only used to get juiced in it nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street and now you're gonna have to get used to it you say you never compromise with the mystery tramp, but now you realize he's not selling any alibis as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes and say do you want to make a deal?  how does it feel, how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ah you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you you never understood that it ain't no good you shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you you used to ride on a chrome horse with your diplomat who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat ain't it hard when you discovered that he really wasn't where it's at after he took from you everything he could steal  how does it feel, how does it feel? to have you on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone  ahh princess on a steeple and all the pretty people they're all drinking, thinking that they've got it made exchanging all precious gifts but you better take your diamond ring, you better pawn it babe you used to be so amused at napoleon in rags and the language that he used go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse when you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose you're invisible now, you've got no secrets to conceal    how does it feel, ah how does it feel? to be on your own, with no direction home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stonewell, there was this movie i seen one time, about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck. he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.  well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath. turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square, i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.  well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain. you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.  i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert in your busted down ford and your platform heels i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.  well, we drove that car all night into san anton' and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft. way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back. i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.  well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies, now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul. but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile. ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust. she said, "henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."  then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started. but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up. she said, "welcome to the land of the living dead." you could tell she was so broken-hearted. she said, "even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."  "how far are y'all going?" ruby asked us with a sigh. "we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn, 'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies." ruby just smiled and said, "ah, you know some babies never learn."  something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play. all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour. i was crossin' the street when shots rang out. i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran. "we got him cornered in the churchyard," i heard somebody shout.  well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, "a man with no alibi." you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you. then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears, it was the best acting i saw anybody do.  now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line. oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now. you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better, if you were just here by my side to show me how.  well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck, yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind. he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.  you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned. the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter. and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.  strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content. i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone. you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent. and i always said, "hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."  there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice. i don't remember who i was or where i was bound. all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back. seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.  brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.if dogs run free, then why not we across the swooping plain? my ears hear a symphony of two mules, trains and rain. the best is always yet to come, that's what they explain to me. just do your thing, you'll be king, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, why not me across the swamp of time? my mind weaves a symphony and tapestry of rhyme. oh, winds which rush my tale to thee so it may flow and be, to each his own, it's all unknown, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, then what must be, must be, and that is all. true love can make a blade of grass stand up straight and tall. in harmony with the cosmic sea, true love needs no company, it can cure the soul, it can make it whole, if dogs run free.i've just reached a place where the willow don't bend. there's not much more to be said it's the top of the end. i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i'm closin' the book on the pages and the text and i don't really care what happens next. i'm just going, i'm going, i'm gone.  i been hangin' on threads, i been playin' it straight, now, i've just got to cut loose before it gets late. so i'm going, i'm going, i'm gone.  grandma said, "boy, go and follow your heart and you'll be fine at the end of the line. all that's gold isn't meant to shine. don't you and your one true love ever part."  i been walkin' the road, i been livin' on the edge, now, i've just got to go before i get to the ledge. so i'm going, i'm just going, i'm gone.someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press whoever it is i wish they'd cut it out but when they will i can only guess. they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy, she inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me. i can't help it if i'm lucky.  people see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts. even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at, i couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that sweet lady.  idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth, blowing down the back roads headin' south. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike i haven't known peace and quiet for so long i can't remember what it's like. there's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door, you didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the wars after losin' every battle.  i woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see stars. you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies. one day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes, blood on your saddle.  idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb, blowing through the curtains in your room. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart you tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart. now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped, what's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top you're on the bottom.  i noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind i can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine. the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building  burned. i waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the springtime  turned slowly into autumn.  idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull, from the grand coulee dam to the capitol. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i can't feel you anymore, i can't even touch the books you've read every time i crawl past your door, i been wishin' i was somebody else instead. down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy, i followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory and all your ragin' glory.  i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i'm finally free, i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me. you'll never know the hurt i suffered nor the pain i rise above, and i'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love, and it makes me feel so sorry.  idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats, blowing through the letters that we wrote. idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves, we're idiots, babe. it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.by bob dylan    well, if i had to do it all over again,  babe, i'd do it all over you.  and if i had to wait for ten thousand years,  babe, i'd even do that too.  well, a dog's got his bone in the alley,  a cat, she's got nine lives,  a millionaire's got a million dollars,  king saud's got four hundred wives.  well, ev'rybody's got somethin'  that they're lookin' forward to.  i'm lookin' forward to when i can do it all again  and babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, if i had my way tomorrow or today,  babe, i'd run circles all around.  i'd jump up in the wind, do a somersault and spin,  i'd even dance a jig on the ground.  well, everybody gets their hour,  everybody gets their time,  little david when he picked up his pebbles,  even sampson after he went blind.  well, everybody gets the chance  to do what they want to do.  when my time arrives you better run for your life  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    well, i don't need no money, i just need a day that's sunny,  baby, and my days are gonna come.  and i grab me a pint, you know that i'm a giant  when you hear me yellin', "fee-fi-fo-fum."  well, you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle,  you made me to a walkin' wreck,  then you pushed my heart through my backbone,  then you knocked off my head from my neck.  well, if i'm ever standin' steady  a-doin' what i want to do,  well, i tell you little lover that you better run for cover  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.    i'm just restin' at your gate so that i won't be late  and, momma, i'm a-just sittin' on the shelf.  look out your window fair and you'll see me squattin' there  just a-fumblin' and a-mumblin' to myself.  well, after my cigarette's been smoked up,  after all my liquor's been drunk,  after my dreams are dreamed out,  after all my thoughts have been thunk,  well, after i do some of these things,  i'm gonna do what i have to do.  and i tell you on the side, that you better run and hide  'cause babe, i'll do it all over you.if you see her, say hello, she might be in tangier she left here last early spring, is livin' there, i hear say for me that i'm all right though things get kind of slow she might think that i've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.  we had a falling-out, like lovers often will and to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill and though our separation, it pierced me to the heart she still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.  if you get close to her, kiss her once for me i always have respected her for busting out and gettin' free oh, whatever makes her happy, i won't stand in the way though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay.  i see a lot of people as i make the rounds and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town and i've never gotten used to it, i've just learned to turn it off either i'm too sensitive or else i'm gettin' soft.  sundown, yellow moon, i replay the past i know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast if she's passin' back this way, i'm not that hard to find tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.after a while we took in the clothes, nobody said very much. just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants which nobody really wanted to touch. mama come in and picked up a book an' papa asked her what it was. someone else asked, "what do you care?" papa said, "well, just because." then they started to take back their clothes, hang 'em on the line. it was january the thirtieth and everybody was feelin' fine.  the next day everybody got up seein' if the clothes were dry. the dogs were barking, a neighbor passed, mama, of course, she said, "hi!" "have you heard the news?" he said, with a grin, "the vice-president's gone mad!" "where?" "downtown." "when?" "last night." "hmm, say, that's too bad!" "well, there's nothin' we can do about it," said the neighbor, "it's just somethin' we're gonna have to forget." "yes, i guess so," said ma, then she asked me if the clothes was still wet.  i reached up, touched my shirt, and the neighbor said, "are those clothes yours?" i said, "some of 'em, not all of 'em." he said, "ya always help out around here with the chores?" i said, "sometime, not all the time." then my neighbor, he blew his nose just as papa yelled outside, "mama wants you t' come back in the house and bring them clothes." well, i just do what i'm told, so, i did it, of course. i went back in the house and mama met me and then i shut all the doors.i got to see you, baby, i don't care it may be some place, baby, you say you where i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  you got the crazy rhythm when you walk you make me nervous when you start to talk i had a dream about you, baby a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  standin' on the highway, you flag me down said, take me, daddy to the nearest town i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join is jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop you made me so bad, you gotta stop i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.  the join in jumpin' it's really somethin' the beat is pumpin', my heart is thumpin' spent my money on you honey my limbs are shakin', my heart is breakin'  you had a white rag wrapped around your head wearing a long dress fire engine red i had a dream about you, baby had a dream about you, baby late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.farewell angelina the bells of the crown are being stolen by bandits i must follow the sound the triangle tingles and the trumpet play slow farewell angelina the sky is on fire and i must go.  there's no need for anger there's no need for blame there's nothing to prove ev'rything's still the same just a table standing empty by the edge of the sea farewell angelina the sky is trembling and i must leave.  the jacks and queens have forsaked the courtyard fifty-two gypsies now file past the guards in the space where the deuce and the ace once ran wild farewell angelina the sky is folding i'll see you in a while.  see the cross-eyed pirates sitting perched in the sun shooting tin cans with a sawed-off shotgun and the neighbors they clap and they cheer with each blast farewell angelina the sky's changing color and i must leave fast.  king kong, little elves on the rooftoops they dance valentino-type tangos while the make-up man's hands shut the eyes of the dead not to embarrass anyone farewell angelina the sky is embarrassed and i must be gone.  the machine guns are roaring the puppets heave rocks the fiends nail time bombs to the hands of the clocks call me any name you like i will never deny it farewell angelina the sky is erupting i must go where it's quiet.just a minute before you leave, girl just a minute before you touch the door what is it that you're trying to achieve, girl? do you think we can talk about it some more? you know the streets are filled with vipers who've lost all ray of hope you know, it ain't even safe no more in the palace of the pope.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  come over here from over there, girl sit down here, you can have my chair i can't see us going anywhere, girl the only place open is a thousand miles away and i can't take you there i wish i'd have been a doctor maybe i'd have saved some life that had been lost maybe i'd have done some good in the world 'stead of burning every bridge i crossed.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.  i ain't too good at conversation, girl so you might not know exactly how i feel but if i could, i'd bring you to the mountaintop, girl and build you a house made out of stainless steel but it's like i'm stuck inside a painting my throat start to tickle and my nose itches but i know that i can't move.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's gone but the past lives on tomorrow's just one step beyond and i need you, yeah.  who are these people who are walking towards you do you know them or will there be a fight? with their humorless smiles so easy to see through can they tell you what's wrong from right?  do you remember st. james street where you blew jackie p.'s mind? you were so fine, clark gable would have fell at your feet and laid his life on the line.  let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl no more booby traps and bombs no more decadence and charm no more affection that's been misplaced, girl no more mud cake creatures lying in your arms what about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants? he looked so baffled and bewildered when he played and we didn't dance.  don't fall apart on me tonight i just don't think that i could handle it don't fall apart on me tonight yesterday's just a memory tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be and i need you, yeah.as i walked out tonight in the mystic garden the wounded flowers were dangling from the vine i was passing by yon cool crystal fountain someone hit me from behind  ain't talkin', just walkin' through this weary world of woe heart burnin', still yearnin' no one on earth would ever know  they say prayer has the power to heal so pray from the mother in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell i am a-tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others but oh, mother, things ain't going well  ain't talkin', just walkin' i'll burn that bridge before you can cross heart burnin', still yearnin' there'll be no mercy for you once you've lost  now i'm all worn down by weeping my eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry if i catch my opponents ever sleeping i'll just slaughter 'em where they lie  ain't talkin', just walkin' through the world mysterious and vague heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' through the cities of the plague.  well, the whole world is filled with speculation the whole wide world which people say is round they will tear your mind away from contemplation they will jump on your misfortune when you're down  ain't talkin', just walkin' eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town. heart burnin', still yearnin' some day you'll be glad to have me around.  they will crush you with wealth and power every waking moment you could crack i'll make the most of one last extra hour i'll revenge my father's death then i'll step back  ain't talkin', just walkin' hand me down my walkin' cane. heart burnin', still yearnin' got to get you out of my miserable brain.  all my loyal and my much-loved companions they approve of me and share my code i practice a faith that's been long abandoned ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road  ain't talkin', just walkin' my mule is sick, my horse is blind. heart burnin', still yearnin' thinkin' 'bout that gal i left behind.  well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin' fame and honor never seem to fade the fire gone out but the light is never dyin' who says i can't get heavenly aid?  ain't talkin', just walkin' carryin' a dead man's shield heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' with a toothache in my heel  the sufferin' is unending every nook and cranny has its tears i'm not playing, i'm not pretending i'm not nursin' any superfluous fears  ain't talkin', just walkin' walkin' ever since the other night. heart burnin', still yearnin' walkin' 'til i'm clean out of sight.  as i walked out in the mystic garden on a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn excuse me, ma'am, i beg your pardon there's no one here, the gardener is gone  ain't talkin', just walkin' up the road, around the bend. heart burnin', still yearnin' in the last outback at the world's end.all the early roman kings in their sharkskin suits bow ties and buttons high top boots drivin' the spikes in blazin' the rails nailed in their coffins in top hats and tails  fly away, little bird fly away, flap your wings fly by night like the early roman kings  all the early roman kings in the early, early morn coming down the mountain distributing the corn speeding through the forest racing down the track you try to get away they drag you back  tomorrow is friday we'll see what it brings everybody's talking 'bout the early roman kings  they're peddlers and they're meddlers they buy and they sell they destroyed your city they'll destroy you as well they're lecherous and treacherous hell-bent for leather each of 'em bigger than all men put together  sluggers and muggers wearing fancy gold rings all the women goin' crazy for the early roman kings  i can dress up your wounds with a blood-clotted rag i ain't afraid to make love to a bitch or a hag if you see me comin' and you're standing there wave your handkerchief in the air  i ain't dead yet my bell still rings i keep my fingers crossed like them early roman kings  i can strip you of life strip you of breath ship you down to the house of death one day you will ask for me there'll be no one else that you'll wanna see  bring down my fiddle tune up my strings i'm gonna break it wide open like the early roman kings  i was up on black mountain the day detroit fell they killed 'em all off and they sent 'em to hell ding dong daddy you're coming up short gonna put you on trial in a sicilian court  i've had my fun i've had my flings gonna shake 'em all down like the early roman kingsif not for you, babe, i couldn't find the door, couldn't even see the floor, i'd be sad and blue, if not for you.  if not for you, babe, i'd lay awake all night, wait for the mornin' light to shine in through, but it would not be new, if not for you.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, i'd be lost if not for you, and you know it's true.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, oh! what would i do if not for you.  if not for you, winter would have no spring, couldn't hear the robin sing, i just wouldn't have a clue, anyway it wouldn't ring true, if not for you.old man sailin' in a dinghy boat down there old man down is baitin' a hook on there gonna pull man down on a suckling hook gonna pull man into the suckling brook oh yeah!  now, he's underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! that's underneath that tree there's gonna be just you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  i push him back and i stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line oh yeah! then i hush my sadie and stand in line i get on board in two-eyed time oh yeah!  under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! under that apple suckling tree oh yeah! underneath that tree there's just gonna be you and me underneath that apple suckling tree oh yeah!  now, who's on the table. who's to tell me? oh yeah! who's on the table, who's to tell me? oh yeah! who should i tell, oh, who should i tell? the forty-nine of you like bats out of hell oh underneath that old apple suckling treewell i'm lookin' the world over looking far off into the east and i see my baby comin' she's walking with the village beast i feel a change comin' on and the last part of the day's already gone  we got so much in common we strive for the same old ends and i just can't wait wait for us to become friends i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well life is for love and they say that love is blind if you wanna live easy baby, pack your clothes with mine i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  well now what's the use in dreaming you got better things to do dreams never did work for me anyway even when they did come true  you are as porous as ever baby you can start a fire i must be losing my mind you're the object of my desire i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already gone  i'm listening to billy joe shaver and i'm reading james joyce some people they tell me i got the blood of the land in my voice  everybody got all the money everybody got all the beautiful clothes everybody got all the flowers i don't have one single rose i feel a change comin' on and the fourth part of the day's already goneseen the arrow on the doorpost saying, "this land is condemned all the way from new orleans to jerusalem." i traveled through east texas where many martyrs fell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, i heard the hoot owl singing as they were taking down the tents the stars above the barren trees were his only audience them charcoal gypsy maidens can strut their feathers well but nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  see them big plantations burning hear the cracking of the whips smell that sweet magnolia blooming (and) see the ghosts of slavery ships i can hear them tribes a-moaning (i can) hear the undertaker's bell (yeah), nobody can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  there's a woman by the river with some fine young handsome man he's dressed up like a squire bootlegged whiskey in his hand there's a chain gang on the highway i can hear them rebels yell and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctell  well, god is in heaven and we all want what's his but power and greed and corruptible seed seem to be all that there is i'm gazing out the window of the st. james hotel and i know no one can sing the blues like blind willie mctellone by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.by bob dylan  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  come on brother, join the band, come on sisters, clap your hands, tell everybody that's in the land, you ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  brown and blue and white and black, all one color on the one-way track, we got this far and ain't a-goin' back and ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we're gonna notify your next of kin, you're gonna raise the roof until the house falls in. if you get knocked down get up again, we ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  we'll sing this song all night long, sing it to my baby from midnight on. she'll sing it to you when i'm dead and gone, ain't a-gonna grieve no more.  well, i ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more ain't a-gonna grieve no more, no more i ain't a-gonna grieve no moregonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules. gonna put my good foot forward, and stop being influenced by fools.  so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more. sons becoming husbands to their mothers, and old men turning young daughters into whores.  stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. stripes on your shoulders, stripes on your back and on your hands. swords piercing your side, blood and water flowing through the land.  well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. well don't know which one is worse, doing your own thing or just being cool. you remember only about the brass ring, you forget all about the golden rule.  you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. you can mislead a man, you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes. but there's only one authority, and that's the authority on high.  i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. i got a god-fearing woman, one i can easily afford. she can do the georgia crawl, she can walk in the spirit of the lord.  jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." jesus said, "be ready, for you know not the hour in which i come." he said, "he who is not for me is against me," just so you know where he's coming from.  there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. there's a kingdom called heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth. well the lord created it, mister, about the same time he made the earth.close your eyes, close your door you don't have to worry any more i'll be your baby tonight.  shut the light, shut the shade you don't have to be afraid i'll be your baby tonight.  well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away we're gonna forget it that big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon but we're gonna let it you won't regret it.  kick your shoes off, do not fear bring that bottle over here i'll be your baby tonight.you may be an ambassador to england or france, you may like to gamble, you might like to dance, you may be the heavyweight champion of the world, you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls  [chorus:] but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed you're gonna have to serve somebody, well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord  but you're gonna have to serve somebody.  you might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage, you might have drugs at your command, women in a cage, you may be a business man or some high degree thief,  they may call you doctor or they may call you chief  [chorus:]  you may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk, you may be the head of some big tv network, you may be rich or poor,  you may be blind or lame,  you may be living in another country under another name  [chorus:]  you may be a construction worker working on a home, you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome, you might own guns and you might even own tanks, you might be somebody's landlord, you might even own banks  [chorus:]  you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride, you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side, you may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair, you may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir  [chorus:]  might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk, might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk, you might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,  you may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed  [chorus:]  you may call me terry, you may call me timmy, you may call me bobby, you may call me zimmy, you may call me r.j., you may call me ray,  you may call me anything but no matter what you say  [chorus:]farewell angelina the bells of the crown are being stolen by bandits i must follow the sound the triangle tingles and the trumpet play slow farewell angelina the sky is on fire and i must go.  there's no need for anger there's no need for blame there's nothing to prove ev'rything's still the same just a table standing empty by the edge of the sea farewell angelina the sky is trembling and i must leave.  the jacks and queens have forsaked the courtyard fifty-two gypsies now file past the guards in the space where the deuce and the ace once ran wild farewell angelina the sky is folding i'll see you in a while.  see the cross-eyed pirates sitting perched in the sun shooting tin cans with a sawed-off shotgun and the neighbors they clap and they cheer with each blast farewell angelina the sky's changing color and i must leave fast.  king kong, little elves on the rooftoops they dance valentino-type tangos while the make-up man's hands shut the eyes of the dead not to embarrass anyone farewell angelina the sky is embarrassed and i must be gone.  the machine guns are roaring the puppets heave rocks the fiends nail time bombs to the hands of the clocks call me any name you like i will never deny it farewell angelina the sky is erupting i must go where it's quiet.i ain't lookin' to compete with you, beat or cheat or mistreat you, simplify you, classify you, deny, defy or crucify you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  no, and i ain't lookin' to fight with you, frighten you or uptighten you, drag you down or drain you down, chain you down or bring you down. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i ain't lookin' to block you up shock or knock or lock you up, analyze you, categorize you, finalize you or advertise you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to straight-face you, race or chase you, track or trace you, or disgrace you or displace you, or define you or confine you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to meet your kin, make you spin or do you in, or select you or dissect you, or inspect you or reject you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to fake you out, take or shake or forsake you out, i ain't lookin' for you to feel like me, see like me or be like me. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die feelin' funny in my mind lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well look over yonder, to that buryin' ground look over yonder, to that buryin' ground sure seems lonesome, lord when the sun goes down  feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die feelin' funny in my eyes lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'  well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head, up above my head well there's black smoke risin' lord, it's risin' up above my head can tell jesus, "make up my dyin' bed"  well i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die yes i'm walkin' kinda funny lord, i believe i'm fixin' to die, fixin' to die, fixin' to die well i don't mind dyin' but i hate to leave my children cryin'well, i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round. while sailing 'round the ocean, while sailing 'round the sea i'd think of handsome molly wherever she might be. don't you remember, molly you gave me your right hand? you said whenever you'd marry i would be the man. but you broke your promise go with whom you please my poor heart is aching you are at your ease. i went to church last sunday molly came ridin' by i could tell her mind was changin' by the rovin' of her eye. i go down to the river though everyone's asleep i think of handsome molly an' i begin to weep. so i wish i was in london, or some other seaport town i'd put my foot on a steamboat i'd sail the ocean 'round.if i had wings like noah's dove i'd fly the river to the one i love fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well. i had a man, who was long and tall, moved his body like a cannon ball. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  'member one evening, it was drizzling rain and in my heart i felt an aching pain. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  once i wore my apron low, been a-keep' you away from my door. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  now my apron is up to my chin, you pass my door but you never come in. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  muddy river runs muddy 'n' wild, you can't care the bloody for my unborn child. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  number nine train ain' done no harm, number nine train take my poor baby home. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.  fastest man i ever saw skid missouri on the way to arkansas. fare thee well, my honey, fare thee well.oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration, the birdies were flying from tree to tree. there was little to say, there was no conversation as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree. and the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking, darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb. i was ready to leave, i was already walkin', but the next time i looked there was light in the room. and the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill, oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin', the weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees. the man standin' next to me, his head was exploding, well, i was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me. yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. oh, the locusts sang off in the distance, and the locusts sang and they were singing for me.  i put down my robe, picked up my diploma, took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive, straight for the hills, the black hills of dakota, sure was glad to get out of there alive. and the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill, yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody. and the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill, yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me, singing for me, well, singing for me.early one morning the sun was shining i was laying in bed wond'ring if she'd changed it all if her hair was still red her folks they said our lives together sure was gonna be rough they never did like mama's homemade dress papa's bankbook wasn't big enough and i was standing on the side of the road rain falling on my shoes heading out for the east coast lord knows i've paid some dues getting through tangled up in blue.  she was married when we first meet soon to be divorced i helped her out of a jam i guess but i used a little too much force we drove that car as far as we could abandoned it out west split it up on a dark sad night both agreeing it was best she turned around to look at me as i was walking away i heard her say over my shoulder "we'll meet again someday on the avenue" tangled up in blue.  i had a job in the great north woods working as a cook for a spell but i never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell so i drifted down to new orleans where i happened to be employed working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of delacroix but all the while i was alone  the past was close behind i seen a lot of women but she never escaped my mind my love just grew tangled up in blue.  she was working in a topless place and i stopped in for a beer i just kept looking at her side of her face in the spotlight so clear and later on as the crowd thinned out i's just about to do the same she was standing there in back of my chair saying "jimmy, don't i know your name ?" i muttered something underneath my breath she studied the lines on my face i must admit i felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe tangled up in blue.  she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe "i thought you'd never say hello" she said "you look like the silent type" then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me written by an italian poet from the thirteenth century and every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul from me to you tangled up in blue  i lived with them on montague street in a basement down the stairs there was music in the caf,s at night and revolution in the air then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died she had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside and when finally the bottom fell out  i became withdrawn the only thing i knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew tangled up in blue.  so now i'm going back again i got to get her somehow all the people we used to know they're an illusion to me now some are mathematicians some are carpenter's wives don't know how it all got started i don't what they're doing with their lives but me i'm still on the road heading for another joint we always did feel the same we just saw it from a different point of view tangled up in blue.you will search, babe, at any cost, but how long, babe, can you search for what's not lost ? everybody will help you, some people are very kind. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  i can't help it if you might think i am odd if i say i'm not loving you for what you are but for what you're not. everybody will help you, discover what you set out to find but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.  the train leaves at half past ten but it'll be back tomorrow same time again. the conductor, he's weary, still stuck on the line. but if i can save you any time, come on, give it to me, i'll keep it with mine.gonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til someone will let me ride  if i can't find my baby i'm gonna run away and hide  well, i been pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  pacing round the room, hoping maybe she come back  well, i been praying for salvation  laying round in a one-room country shack  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  gonna walk down that dirt road, until my eyes begin to bleed  'til there's nothing left to see  'til the chains have been shattered and i been freed  but i'm looking at my shadow, i been watching the clouds up above  looking at my shadow, watching the clouds up above  rolling through the rain and hail  looking for the sunny side of love  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  gonna walk down that dirt road 'til everything becomes the same  i keep on walking 'til i hear her holler out my namei was riding on the mayflower when i thought i spied some land i yelled down to captain arab, i'll have ya understand, who came running to the deck and said "boys! forget the whale - we're goin' over yonder. cut the engines. change the sails." "haul on that bowline!" we sang that melody, like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.  "i think i'll call it america." i said as we hit land. i took a deep breath. i fell down, i could not stand. captain arab he starting writing out some deeds and said "let's build us a fort and start buying the place with beads.? just then a cop come down the street crazy as a loon and throws us all in jail for carryin' harpoons.  aw, me, i busted out - don't even ask me how, i went lookin' for some help, i walked past a guernsey cow who directed me down to the bowery slums where people carried signs around sayin' "ban the bums!". i jumped right in line, sayin' "i hope that i'm not late" when i realized i hadn't eaten for five days straight.  i went into a restaurant lookin' for the cook - i told him i was the editor of a famous etiquette book. the waiter he was handsome and he wore a powder blue cape. i ordered up some suzette, i said "could you please make that crepe?" just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat - food was flyin' everywhere - i left without my hat.  i didn't mean to be nosy so i went into a bank to try to get some bail for the boys back in the tank. they asked me for some collateral and i pulled down my pants. they threw me in the alley, when up comes this girl from france who invited me to her place. i went, but she had a friend who knocked me out an' robbed my boots an' was i on the street again.  i went up to a big house with a u.s. flag upon display. i said "can you please help me out, i got some friends down the way." the man said "get out of here or i'll tear you limb from limb." i said "you know, they refused jesus, too." he said "you're not him. get out of here before i break your bones. i'm not your pop." i decided to have him arrested and went looking for a cop.  i ran back outside and got into a cab i ran out the other door - this english man said "fab!" as he saw me leap a hot dog stand and a chariot that stood parked across from a building advertising brotherhood. i ran right through the door like a hobo sailor does, but it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who i was i repeated that all my friends were in jail, with a sigh. he gave me his card and said "call me if they die." i shook his hand and said goodbye and went back out on the street, when a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet. a pay phone was ringin' - and it just about blew my mind - when i picked it up an' said "hello", this foot came through the line!  well about this time i was fed up at trying to make a stab at gettin' any help for my friends and captain arab. i needed a coin to flip, like either heads or tails, would let me know if i should go back to ship or back to jail. so i hocked my sailor's suit an' i got a coin to flip. it came up tails, it rhymed with sails, so i made it back to the ship.  well i got back and took the parking ticket off the mast. i was ripping it to shreds when this coast guard boat went past. they asked me my name and i said "captain kidd". they believed me but they wanted to know exactly what i did. i said "for the pope of eyruke i was employed" they let me go right away, they were very paranoid.  well the last i heard of arab he was stuck on the side of a whale that was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail, but the funniest thing was - as i was leavin' the bay - i saw three ships sailing and they were all headed my way. so i asked the captain what his name was an' how come he didn't drive a truck?? he said his name was columbus an' i just said "good luck..."don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly.  i went down to the river on a saturday morn a-lookin' around just to see who's born i found a little chicken down on his knees i went up and yelled to him "please, please, please" he said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  i went down to the corner at a-half past ten i's lookin' around, i wouldn't say when i looked down low, i looked above and who did i see but the one i love she said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".   now, i went down to the beanery at half past twelve a-lookin' around just to see myself i spotted a horse and a donkey too i looked for a cow and i saw me a few the said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".  now, i went down to the pumphouse the other night a-lookin around, it was outa sight i looked high and low for that big ol' tree i did go upstairs but i didn't see nobody but me i said, "don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry don't ya tell henry apple's got your fly".how many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man ? how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand ? yes, how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many years can a mountain exist before it's washed to the sea ? yes, how many years can some people exist before they're allowed to be free ? yes, how many times can a man turn his head pretending he just doesn't see ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.  yes, how many times must a man look up before he can see the sky ? yes, how many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry ? yes, how many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died ? the answer my friend is blowin' in the wind the answer is blowin' in the wind.by bob dylan    denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  you got your eyes closed,  heaven knows that you ain't blind.    well, i can see you smiling,  but oh your mouth is inside out.  i can see you smiling,  but you're smiling inside out.  well, i know you're laughin'  but what are you laughin' about.    well, if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  babe, you're tryin' to lose me.  babe, i'm already lost.    well, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  oh, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  well, you call my name  and then say your tongue just slipped.    denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  i'm looking deep in your eyes, babe,  and all i can see is myself.if dogs run free, then why not we across the swooping plain? my ears hear a symphony of two mules, trains and rain. the best is always yet to come, that's what they explain to me. just do your thing, you'll be king, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, why not me across the swamp of time? my mind weaves a symphony and tapestry of rhyme. oh, winds which rush my tale to thee so it may flow and be, to each his own, it's all unknown, if dogs run free.  if dogs run free, then what must be, must be, and that is all. true love can make a blade of grass stand up straight and tall. in harmony with the cosmic sea, true love needs no company, it can cure the soul, it can make it whole, if dogs run free.well, the rainman comes with his magic wand and the judge says, "mona can't have no bond." and the walls collide, mona cries, and the rain man leaves in the wolf man's disguise.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, the undertaker in his midnight suit says to the masked man, "ain't you cute!" well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf and he says, "you ain't so bad yourself."  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, jumpin' judy can't go no higher. she had bullets in her eyes, and they fire. rasputin he's so dignified, he touched the back of her head an' he died.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.  well, phaedra with her looking glass, stretchin' out upon the grass. she gets all messed up and she faints that's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.  i want to be your lover, baby, i want to be your man. i want to be your lover, baby, i don't want to be hers, i want to be yours.forgetful heart lost your power of recall every little detail you don't remember at all the times we knew who would remember better than you?  forgetful heart we laughed and had a good time, you and i it's been so long now you're content to let the days go by when you were there you were the answer to my prayer  forgetful heart we loved with all the love that life can give what can i say? without you it's so hard to live can't take much more why can't we love like we did before?  forgetful heart like a walking shadow in my brain all night long i lay awake and listen to the sound of pain the door has closed forevermore if indeed there ever was a doorwell, your railroad gate, you know i just can't jump it sometimes it gets so hard, you see i'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet with all these promises you left for me but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well, i waited for you when i was half sick yes, i waited for you when you hated me well, i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic when you knew i had some other place to be now where are you tonight, sweet marie ?   well, anybody can be just like me, obviously but then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.  well, six white horses that you did promise were fin'ly delivered down to the penitentiary but to live outside the law, you must be honest i know you always say that you agree but where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  well i don't know how it happened but the river-boat captain he knows my fate but ev'rybody else, even yourself they're just gonna have to wait.  well, i got the fever down in my pockets the persian drunkard, he follows me yes, i can take him to your house but i can't unlock it you see, you forgot to leave me with the key oh, where are you tonight, sweet marie ?  now, i been in jail when all my mail showed that a man can't give his address out to bad company and now i stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad in the ruins of your balcony wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet marie ?he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i think about him now lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine  he died on the road he died on the road he never had enough money to pay his room or board and he was a friend of mine  i stole away and cried i stole away and cried 'cause i never had too much money and i never been quite satisfied and he was a friend of mine  he never done no wrong he never done no wrong a thousand miles from home and he never harmed no one and he was a friend of mine  he was a friend of mine he was a friend of mine every time i hear his name lord i just can't keep from cryin' 'cause he was a friend of mine.black jack davey come a-riden' on back, a-whistlin' loud and merry. made the woods around him ring, and he charmed the heart of a lady, charmed the heart of a lady.  "how old are you, my pretty little miss, how old are you, my honey" she answered to him with a lovin' smile "i'll be sixteen come sunday, be sixteen come sunday."  "come and go with me, my pretty little miss, come and go with me, my honey, take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money you never will want for money  "pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of spanish leather. get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together, we'll both go off together."  well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of spanish leather. got behind him on his horse and they rode off together. they rode off together.  at night the boss came home inquiring about this lady. the servant spoke before she thought, "she's been with black jack dave, rode off with black jack davey."  "well, saddle for me my coal black stud, he's speedier than the gray. i rode all day and i'll ride all night, and i'll overtake my lady. i'll bring back my lady."  well, he rode all night till the broad daylight, till he came to a river ragin', and there he spied his darlin' bride in the arms of black jack davey. wrapped up with black jack davey.  "pull off, pull off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. give to me your lily-white hand and we'll both go home together. we'll both go home together."  well, she pulled off them long blue gloves all made of the finest leather. gave to him her lily-white hand and said good-bye forever. bid farewell forever.  "would you forsake your house and home, would you forsake your baby? would you forsake your husband, too, to go with black jack davey. rode off with black jack davey?"  "well, i'll forsake my house and home, and i'll forsake my baby. i'll forsake my husband, too, for the love of black jack davey. ride off with black jack davey."  "last night i slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby. tonight i lay on the river banks in the arms of black jack davey, love my black jack davey."someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press whoever it is i wish they'd cut it out but when they will i can only guess. they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy, she inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me. i can't help it if i'm lucky.  people see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts. even you, yesterday you had to ask me where it was at, i couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me better than that sweet lady.  idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth, blowing down the back roads headin' south. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike i haven't known peace and quiet for so long i can't remember what it's like. there's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door, you didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the wars after losin' every battle.  i woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin' me see stars. you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies. one day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzin' around your eyes, blood on your saddle.  idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb, blowing through the curtains in your room. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart you tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart. now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped, what's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top you're on the bottom.  i noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind i can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine. the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building  burned. i waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees, while the springtime  turned slowly into autumn.  idiot wind, blowing like a circle around my skull, from the grand coulee dam to the capitol. idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth, you're an idiot, babe. it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.  i can't feel you anymore, i can't even touch the books you've read every time i crawl past your door, i been wishin' i was somebody else instead. down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy, i followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory and all your ragin' glory.  i been double-crossed now for the very last time and now i'm finally free, i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me. you'll never know the hurt i suffered nor the pain i rise above, and i'll never know the same about you, your holiness or your kind of love, and it makes me feel so sorry.  idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats, blowing through the letters that we wrote. idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves, we're idiots, babe. it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.as i went out one morning to breathe the air around tom paine's, i spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains. i offer'd her my hand, she took me by the arm. i knew that very instant, she meant to do me harm.  "depart from me this moment," i told her with my voice. said she, "but i don't wish to," said i, "but you have no choice." "i beg you, sir," she pleaded from the corners of her mouth, "i will secretly accept you and together we'll fly south."  just then tom paine, himself, came running from across the field, shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield. and as she was letting go her grip, up tom paine did run, "i'm sorry, sir," he said to me, "i'm sorry for what she's done."if not for you, babe, i couldn't find the door, couldn't even see the floor, i'd be sad and blue, if not for you.  if not for you, babe, i'd lay awake all night, wait for the mornin' light to shine in through, but it would not be new, if not for you.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, i'd be lost if not for you, and you know it's true.  if not for you my sky would fall, rain would gather too. without your love i'd be nowhere at all, oh! what would i do if not for you.  if not for you, winter would have no spring, couldn't hear the robin sing, i just wouldn't have a clue, anyway it wouldn't ring true, if not for you.down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. down along the cove, i spied my true love comin' my way. i say, "lord, have mercy, mama, it sure is good to see you comin' today."  down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. down along the cove, i spied my little bundle of joy. she said, "lord, have mercy, honey, i'm so glad you're my boy!"  down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. down along the cove, we walked together hand in hand. ev'rybody watchin' us go by knows we're in love, yes, and they understand.i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the love light gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreams  i'll be home for christmas you can plan on me please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree  christmas eve will find me where the lovelight gleams i'll be home for christmas if only in my dreamsblue moon, you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.  blue moon, you knew just what i was there for you heard me saying a prayet for someone i really could care for.  and suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold i heard someone whisper, "please, adore me" and when i looked my moon had turned to gold.  blue moon, now i'm no longer alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own without a love of my own.oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son ? and where have you been my darling young one ? i've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains i've walked and i've crawled on six crooked highways i've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests i've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans i've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son ? and what did you see, my darling young one ? i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it i saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin' i saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin' i saw a white ladder all covered with water i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what did you hear, my blue-eyed son ? and what did you hear, my darling young one ? i heard the sound of a thunder, it roared out a warnin' i heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world i heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin' i heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin' i heard one person starve, i heard many people laughin' heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  oh, who did you meet my blue-eyed son ? who did you meet, my darling young one ? i met a young child beside a dead pony i met a white man who walked a black dog i met a young woman whose body was burning i met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow i met one man who was wounded in love i met another man who was wounded in hatred and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard and it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.  and what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son ? and what'll you do now my darling young one ? i'm a-goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a-fallin' i'll walk to the deepths of the deepest black forest where the people are a many and their hands are all empty where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison where the executioner's face is always well hidden where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten where black is the color, where none is the number and i'll tell and think it and speak it and breathe it and reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it then i'll stand on the ocean until i start sinkin' but i'll know my songs well before i start singin' and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard it's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away i wanna stop at carmangale and keep on going that duquesne train gon' rock me night and day  you say i'm a gambler, you say i'm a pimp but i ain't neither one  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing sounding like it's on a final run  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she never blowed before little light blinking, red light glowing blowing like she's at my chamber door  you smiling through the fence at me just like you always smiled before  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart you're the only thing alive that keeps me going you're like a time bomb in my heart  i can hear a sweet voice steadily calling must be the mother of our lord  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like my woman's on board  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away you old rascal, i know exactly where you're going i'll lead you there myself at the break of day  i wake up every morning with that woman in my bed everybody telling me she's gone to my head  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like it's gon' kill me dead  can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing? blowing through another no good town  the lights on my native land are glowing i wonder if they'll know me next time 'round i wonder if that old oak tree's still standing that old oak tree, the one we used to climb  listen to that duquesne whistle blowing blowing like she's blowing right on timeby bob dylan    denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  denise, denise,  gal, what's on your mind?  you got your eyes closed,  heaven knows that you ain't blind.    well, i can see you smiling,  but oh your mouth is inside out.  i can see you smiling,  but you're smiling inside out.  well, i know you're laughin'  but what are you laughin' about.    well, if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  if you're tryin' to throw me,  babe, i've already been tossed.  babe, you're tryin' to lose me.  babe, i'm already lost.    well, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  oh, what are you doing,  are you flying or have you flipped?  well, you call my name  and then say your tongue just slipped.    denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  denise, denise,  you're concealed here on the shelf.  i'm looking deep in your eyes, babe,  and all i can see is myself.[chorus] oh, i can't get you off of my mind when i try i 'm just wastin' my time lord i've tried and i've tried and all night long i've cried but i can't get you off of my mind.  didn't think you would leave me behind but i guess you're the two-timin' kind do you think that it's smart to jump from heart to heart when i can't get you off of my mind.  [chorus]  you believe that a true love is blind so you fool ev'ry new love you find you've got stars in your eyes but they can't hide the lies oh, i can't get you off my mind.  [chorus]ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.mama, take this badge off of me i can't use it anymore. it's gettin' dark, too dark for me to see i feel like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door  mama, put my guns to the ground i can't shoot them anymore. the long black cloud is coming down it feels like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.  knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's doori didn't know that you'd be leavin' or who you thought you were talkin' to. i figure maybe we're even or maybe i'm one up on you.  i send you all my money just like i did before. i tried to reach you honey, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  i ain't gonna get lost in this current, i don't like playing cat and mouse. no gentleman likes making love to a servant. especially when he's in his father's house.  i never could guess your weight, baby, never needed to call you my whore. i always thought you were straight, baby, but you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  well these times and these tunnels are haunted, the bottom of the barrel is too. i waited years sometimes for what i wanted. everybody can't be as lucky as you.  never no more do i wonder, why you don't never play with me any more. at any moment you could go under, cause you're driftin' too far from shore.  driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore driftin' too far from shore  you and me we had completeness, i give you all of what i could provide we weren't on the wrong side, sweetness, we were the wrong side.  i've already ripped out the phones, honey. you can't walk the streets in a war. i can finish this alone, honey, you're driftin' too far from shore.you walk into the room with your pencil in your hand you see somebody naked and you say, "who is that man?" you try so hard but you don't understand just what you will say when you get home because something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you raise up your head and you ask, "is this where it is?" and somebody points to you and says, "it's his" and you say, "what's mine?" and somebody else says, "well, what is?" and you say, "oh my god, am i here all alone?" but something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak and says, "how does it feel to be such a freak?" and you say, "impossible!" as he hands you a bone and something is happening here but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  you have many contacts among the lumberjacks to get you facts when someone attacks your imagination but nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you to all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations  ah, you've been with the professors and they've all liked your looks with great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks you've been through all of f. scott fitzgerald's books you're very well-read, it's well-known but something is happening here and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels he crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels and without further notice, he asks you how it feels and he says, "here is your throat back, thanks for the loan" and you know something is happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now" and you say, "for what reason?" and he says, "how" and you say, "what does this mean?" and he screams back, "you're a cow! give me some milk or else go home" and you know something's happening but you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?  well, you walk into the room like a camel, and then you frown you put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground there ought to be a law against you comin' around you should be made to wear earphones 'cause something is happening and you don't know what it is do you, mr. jones?by bob dylan    well, it's all up from florida at the start of the spring,  the trucks and the trailers will be winding  like a bullet we'll shoot for the carnival route.  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    from the michigan mud past the wisconsin sun  'cross that minnesota border, keep 'em scrambling  through the clear county lakes and the lumberjack lands,  we're following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    hit fargo on the jump and down to aberdeen  'cross them old black hills, keep 'em rolling  through the cow country towns and the sands of old montana.  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the white line on the highway sails under your wheels,  i've gazed from the trailer window laughing.  oh, our clothes they was torn but the colors they was bright.  following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-many a friend that follows the bend,  the jugglers, the hustlers, the gamblers.  well, i've spent my time with the fortune-telling kind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    oh, it's pound down the rails and it's tie down the tents,  get that canvas flag a-flying.  well, let the caterpillars spin, let the ferris wheel wind  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    well, it's roll into town straight to the fairgrounds  just behind the posters that are hanging  and it's fill up every space with a different kind of face  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    get the dancing girls in front, get the gambling show behind,  hear that old music box a-banging.  hear them kids, faces, smiles, up and down the midway aisles  we're following them fairgrounds a-calling.    it's a-drag it on down by the deadline in the town,  hit the old highway by the morning  and it's ride yourself blind for the next town on time  following them fairgrounds a-calling.    as the harmonicas whined in the lonesome nighttime  drinking red wine as we're rolling,  many a turnin' i turn, many a lesson i learn  from following them fairgrounds a-calling.    and it's roll back down to st. petersburg  tie down the trailers and camp 'em  and the money that we made will pay for the space  from following them dusty old fairgrounds a-calling.by bob dylan    i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  i'm goin' down south,  'neath the borderline.  some fat momma  kissed my mouth one time.    well, i needed it this morning  without a shadow of doubt.  my suitcase is packed,  my clothes are hangin' out.    san francisco's fine,  you sure get lots of sun.  san francisco is fine.  you sure get lots of sun.  but i'm used to four seasons,  california's got but one.    well, i got my dark sunglasses,  i got for good luck my black tooth.  i got my dark sunglasses,  and for good luck i got my black tooth.  don't ask me nothin' about nothin',  i just might tell you the truth.listen to me, baby, there's something you must see. i want to be with you, gal, if you want to be with me.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm questionin' you. to take part in any quiz. it's just that i ain't got no watch an' you keep askin' me what time it is.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  i am just a poor boy, baby, lookin' to connect. but i certainly don't want you thinkin' that i ain't got any respect.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  you know i'd have nightmares and a guilty conscience, too, if i kept you from anything that you really wanted to do.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.  it ain't that i'm wantin' anything you never gave before. it's just that i'll be sleepin' soon, it'll be too dark for you to find the door.  but if you got to go, it's all right. but if you got to go, go now, or else you gotta stay all night.by bob dylan    yes, the gal i got  i swear she's the screaming end  she wants me to be a hero  so she can tell all her friends    well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  well, she begged, she cried  she pleaded with me all last night  she wants me to go out  and find somebody to fight    she reads too many books  she got new movies inside her head  she reads too many books  she got movies inside her head  she wants me to walk out running  she wants me to crawl back dead    you need a different kinda man, babe  one that can grab and hold your heart  need a different kind of man, babe  one that can hold and grab your heart  you need a different kind of man, babe  you need napoleon boneeparte    well, when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  when i'm dead  no more good times will i crave  you can stand and shout hero  all over my lonesome gravethey pave paradise, they put up a parking lot a pink hotel, a boutique and a swinging hot spot don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  they took all the trees, they put them in a tree museum they charged the people a dollar and a half just to see them don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  hey farmer, farmer, put away the d.d.t give me spots on my apples but leave the birds and the bees, please don't it always go to show  you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.  late last night i heard my screen door slam a big yellow bulldozer took away the house and land don't it always go to show you never know what you got till it's gone? they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.one by one, they followed the sun, one by one, until there were none. two by two, to their lovers they flew, two by two, into the foggy dew. three by three, they danced on the sea, four by four, they danced on the shore, five by five, they tried to survive, six by six, they were playing with tricks.  how many paths did they try and fail? how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail? how much poison did they inhale? how many black cats crossed their trail? seven by seven, they headed for heaven, eight by eight, they got to the gate, nine by nine, they drank the wine, ten by ten, they drank again.  how many tomorrow's have are they given away? how many compared to yesterday? how many more without any reward? how many more can they afford? two by two, they stepped into the ark, two by two, they step in the dark. three by three, they're turning the key, four by four, they turn it some more, one by one, they follow the sun, two by two, to another rendezvous.i cross the green mountain i sit by the stream heaven blazing in my head i, i dreamt a monstrous dream  something came up out of the sea swept through the land of the rich and the free  i look into the eyes of my merciful friend and then i ask myself is this the end?  memories linger sad yet sweet and i think of the souls in heaven who will be  alters are burning the flames far and wide the fool has crossed over from the other side  they tip their caps from the top of the hill you can feel them come all brave blood do spill  along the dim atlantic line the rapper's land lasts for miles behind  the lights coming forward and the streets are broad all must yield to the avenging god  the world is old the world is great lessons of life can't be learned in a day  i watch and i wait and i listen while i stand to the music that comes from a far better land  close the eyes of our captain peace may he know his long night is done the great leader is laid low  he was ready to fall he was quick to defend killed outright he was by his own men  it's the last day's last hour of the last happy year i feel that the unknown the world is so dear  pride will vanish and glory will rot but virtue lives and cannot be forgot  the bells of evening have rung there's blasphemy on the end of the tongue  let them say that i walked in fair nature's light and that i was loyal to truth and to right  serve god and meet your full look upward beyond beyond the darkness that masks the surprises of dawn  in the deep green grasses and the blood stained woods they never dreamed of surrendering they fell where they stood  stars fell over alabama i saw each star you're walking in dreams whoever you are  chilled are the skies keen is the frost the ground's froze hard and the morning is lost  a letter to mother came today gunshot wound to the breast is what it did say  but he'll be better soon he's in a hospital bed but he'll never be better he's already dead  i'm ten miles outside the city and i'm lifted away in an ancient light that is not of day  they were calm, they were gloomed we knew them all too well we loved each other more than we ever dared to tellthey ask me how i feel and if my love is real and how i know i'll make it through and they, they look at me and frown they'd like to drive me from this town they don't want me around 'cause i believe in you.  they show me to the door they say don't come back no more 'cause i don't be like they'd like me to and i, i walk out on my own a thousand miles from home but i don't feel alone 'cause i believe in you.  i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter i believe in you even though we be apart i believe in you even on the morning after oh, when the dawn is nearing oh, when the night is disappearing oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.  don't let me drift too far keep me where you are where i will always be renewed and that which you've given me today is worth more than i could pay and no matter what they say i believe in you.  i believe in you when winter turn to summer i believe in you when white turn to black i believe in you even though i be outnumbered oh, though the earth may shake me oh, though my friends forsake me oh, even that couldn't make me go back.  don't let me change my heart keep me set apart from all the plans they do pursue and i, i don't mind the pain don't mind the driving rain i know i will sustain 'cause i believe in you.how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to spend the holiday away across the sea? how'd ya like to spend christmas on christmas island? how'd ya like to hang a stocking on a great big coconut tree?  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true  how'd ya like to stay up late like the islanders do? wait for santa to sail in with your presents in a canoe if you ever spend christmas on christmas island you will never stray for everyday your christmas dreams come true on christmas island your dreams come trueforgetful heart lost your power of recall every little detail you don't remember at all the times we knew who would remember better than you?  forgetful heart we laughed and had a good time, you and i it's been so long now you're content to let the days go by when you were there you were the answer to my prayer  forgetful heart we loved with all the love that life can give what can i say? without you it's so hard to live can't take much more why can't we love like we did before?  forgetful heart like a walking shadow in my brain all night long i lay awake and listen to the sound of pain the door has closed forevermore if indeed there ever was a doori've seen love go by my door it's never been this close before never been so easy or so slow. been shooting in the dark too long when somethin's not right it's wrong yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  dragon clouds so high above i've only known careless love, it's always hit me from below. this time around it's more correct right on target, so direct, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  purple clover, queen anne lace, crimson hair across your face, you could make me cry if you don't know. can't remember what i was thinkin' of you might be spoilin' me too much, love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  flowers on the hillside, bloomin' crazy, crickets talkin' back and forth in rhyme, blue rive runnin' slow and lazy, i could stay with you forever and never realize the time.  situations have ended sad, relationships have all been bad. mine've been like verlaine's and rimbaud. but there's no way i can compare all those scenes to this affair, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.  yer gonna make me wonder what i'm doin' stayin' far behind without you. yer gonna make me wonder what i'm sayin' yer gonna make me give myself a good talkin' to.  i'll look for you in old honolulu, san francisco, ashtabula, yer gonna have to leave me now, i know. but i'll see you in the sky above, in the tall grass, in the ones i love, yer gonna make me lonesome when you go.delia was a gambling girl, gambled all around, delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out west, when she returned, little delia gone to rest. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia's daddy weeped, delia's momma moaned, wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home. all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' looking high, curtis' looking low, he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty-four. all the friends i ever had are gone.  high up on the housetops, high as i can see, looking for them rounders, looking out for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  men in atlanta, tryin' to pass for white, delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight. all the friends i ever had are gone.  judge says to curtis, "what's this noise about?" "all about them rounders, judge, tryin' to cut me out." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis said to the judge, "what might be my fine?" judge says, "poor boy, you got ninety-nine." all the friends i ever had are gone.  curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup, delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you loved all them rounders, never did love me. all the friends i ever had are gone.  delia, oh delia, how can it be? you wanted all them rounders, never had time for me. all the friends i ever had are gone.dear landlord, please don't put a price on my soul. my burden is heavy, my dreams are beyond control. when that steamboat whistle blows, i'm gonna give you all i got to give, and i do hope you receive it well, dependin' on the way you feel that you live.  dear landlord, please heed these words that i speak. i know you've suffered much, but in this you are not so unique. all of us, at times, we might work too hard to have it too fast and too much, and anyone can fill his life up with things he can see but he just cannot touch.  dear landlord, please don't dismiss my case. i'm not about to argue, i'm not about to move to no other place. now, each of us has his own special gift and you know this was meant to be true, and if you don't underestimate me, i won't underestimate you.been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams in another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed to some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  think i'll go out and go for a walk not much happening here, nothing ever does besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want to talk i got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever it was.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man see my face and lives.  took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race it goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face and see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the trck the world could come to an end tonight, bt that's all right she could still be there sleeping when i get back.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.  noontime, and i'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, i can't stumble or stay put someone else is speaking with my mouth, but i'm listening with my heart i've made shoes for everyone, even you, while i go barefoot.  i and i in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives i and i one say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.i ain't lookin' to compete with you, beat or cheat or mistreat you, simplify you, classify you, deny, defy or crucify you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  no, and i ain't lookin' to fight with you, frighten you or uptighten you, drag you down or drain you down, chain you down or bring you down. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i ain't lookin' to block you up shock or knock or lock you up, analyze you, categorize you, finalize you or advertise you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to straight-face you, race or chase you, track or trace you, or disgrace you or displace you, or define you or confine you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to meet your kin, make you spin or do you in, or select you or dissect you, or inspect you or reject you. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.  i don't want to fake you out, take or shake or forsake you out, i ain't lookin' for you to feel like me, see like me or be like me. all i really want to do is, baby, be friends with you.dear landlord, please don't put a price on my soul. my burden is heavy, my dreams are beyond control. when that steamboat whistle blows, i'm gonna give you all i got to give, and i do hope you receive it well, dependin' on the way you feel that you live.  dear landlord, please heed these words that i speak. i know you've suffered much, but in this you are not so unique. all of us, at times, we might work too hard to have it too fast and too much, and anyone can fill his life up with things he can see but he just cannot touch.  dear landlord, please don't dismiss my case. i'm not about to argue, i'm not about to move to no other place. now, each of us has his own special gift and you know this was meant to be true, and if you don't underestimate me, i won't underestimate you.how many times have you heard someone say if i had his money i'd do things my way hmm, but little they know hmm, it's so hard to find one man in ten with a satisfied mind.  hmm, once i was wading in fortune and fame everything that i dreamed of to get a start in lifes game but suddenly it happened hmm, i lost every dime but i'm richer by far with a satisfied mind.  hmm, when my life is over and my time has run out my friends and my loved ones i'll leave there ain't no doubt but one things for certain when it comes my time i'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind.ten thousand men on a hill, ten thousand men on a hill, some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.  ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue, drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.  ten thousand men on the move, ten thousand men on the move, none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.  ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, ten thousand men digging for silver and gold, all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.  hey! who could your lover be? hey! who could your lover be? let me eat off his head so you can really see!  ten thousand women all dressed in white, ten thousand women all dressed in white, standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.  ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, ten thousand men looking so lean and frail, each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.  ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, ten thousand women all sweepin' my room, spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.  ooh, baby, thank you for my tea! baby, thank you for my tea! it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.like the lion tears the flesh off of a man so can a woman who passes herself off as a male they sang "danny boy" at his funeral and the lord's prayer preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head he feeds off of everyone that he can touch he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash he's not somebody that you play around with much miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is she'll do wondrous works with your fate feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors how to enter into the gates of paradise no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in sing "amazing grace" all the way to the swiss banks  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  they got some beautiful people out there, man they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue they got mystery written all over their forehead they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young they don't believe in mercy judgment on them is something that you'll never see they can exalt you up or bring you down main route turn you into anything that they want you to be  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' back  yes, i guess i loved him too i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped struck down by the strength of the will ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid from now on, this'll be where you're from let the dead bury the dead. your time will come let hot iron blow as he raised the shade  well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down ain't no goin' backsaid the night wind to the little lamb do you see what i see? way up in the sky, little lamb do you see what i see? a star, a star, dancing in the night with a tail as big as a kite with a tail as big as a kite  said the little lamb to the shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? ringing through the sky, shepherd boy do you hear what i hear? a song, a song high above the trees with a voice as big as the sea with a voice as big as the sea  said the shepherd boy to the mighty king do you know what i know? in your palace warm, mighty king do you know what i know? a child, a child shivers in the cold let us bring him silver and gold let us bring him silver and gold  said the king to the people everywhere listen to what i say! pray for peace, people, everywhere listen to what i say! the child, the child sleeping in the night he will bring us goodness and light he will bring us goodness and lightyou must leave now, take what you need, you think will last but whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast yonder stands your orphan with his gun crying like a fire in the sun look out the saints are comin' through and it's all over now, baby blue  the highway is for gamblers, better use your sense take what you have gathered from coincidence the empty-handed painter from your streets is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets this sky, too, is folding under you and it's all over now, baby blue  all your seasick sailors, they are rowing home all your reindeer armies, are all going home the lover who just walked out your door has taken all his blankets from the floor the carpet, too, is moving under you and it's all over now, baby blue  leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you the vagabond who's rapping at your door is standing in the clothes that you once wore strike another match, go start anew and it's all over now, baby blueby bob dylan and george harrison    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me say it, let me play it,  let me lay it on you.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me grow it on you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.    let me in here, i know i've been here,  let me into your heart.  let me know you, let me show you,  let me roll it to you.  all i have is yours,  all you see is mine  and i'm glad to have you in my arms,  i'd have you any time.
